If you fancy something sweet for breakfast or a snack, this Almond Vanilla Bun will do nicely. It\'s actually quite filling as it\'s about the size of a tennis ball, with a heavy and slightly chewy sort of texture. Having it with a cup of Brawn &amp; Brains\' awesome coffee is a no-brainer.
The place is just so pleasant. Don\'t really remember the Dishes name but we remembered we have chose choice No.1 (what what salmon) &amp; No.6 (what what chicken curry wrap) for our brunch and never thought that we will feel bloated. If you\'re a small \"tank stomach\", suggest you to share first and try another dish again next time. \n<br />We will come again next time for No.6 somehow, rating 4/5 ⭐️, not bad thou!
Back to Brawn &amp; Brains for my weekly \"me\" time (and also to study) and pleasantly surprised by the special appearance of this cake today — it\'s definitely been a while since they last dished out cakes here!
On weekends, this child-friendly cafe along Guillemard Road is always bustling with activity. They don\'t take reservations, so come early with a group of friends to snag a seat at one of the two coveted communal tables. Otherwise, be prepared to sit at the counter seats by the window. The menu is written on the chalkboard left of the cashier and while the number of offerings are limited, you can be assured everything is satisfying. Of the five mains, get the egg-cellent Oven Baked Molten Eggs on Tortilla and Melted Cheese ($16.80) that comes with thinly sliced avocado, cherry tomatoes and smoked salmon. The two ready-to-burst molten eggs promise a river of liquid gold, so have your cameras ready to catch all the runny action. If you\'re dropping by at non-meal times, opt for their tasty Curried Chicken Wrap ($11.90) or their Earl Grey Croissant ($4.20). Pair these bites with a Flat White ($5) or their Cold Brew ($7.80), and just while away your afternoon with a good read.\n<br />Avg Price: $25 per person\n<br />Photo by Burpple Tastemaker Jason Wong
Apparently a must try! \n<br />The eggs were baked over (what i would think) is a tortilla wrap and buried with 🧀 😋\n<br />🍳 Runny and perfectly done...\n<br />🥑 = ❤️, and they were pretty generous with the serving\n<br />💸$16.90\n<br />Its a little pricey for breakie even though the serving was pretty huge. But hey, there\'s smoked salmon 😏 \n<br />Verdict: 👍🏼 definitely a place to go to if u would like to slurp some yummy cheesy eggs for a wee breakfast treat.
A very pleasant dish that I enjoyed the more I tucked in. Pretty generous with the chicken pieces which was covered in a boldly flavoured curry sauce (albeit just a tad too sweet for me). The greens as well as the dollop of yoghurt was a thoughtful idea that balanced the whole dish lest it got too one dimensional. Tortilla wrap was well toasted, and cracked nicely with each bite. I had fun flipping it open and eating it like a mini pizza too!
Favourite place for post climb. Coffee and chocolate. What\'s not to love. 😍
But if it weren\'t for the coffee, I\'d have no identifiable personality whatsoever. - David Letterman
The portion is generous and is more than enough for one person. They have salmon, cherry tomatoes, avocados and spinach as sides. I initially thought why the base of this dish so crusty one? Only realize it is tortilla after reading it online. XD Anyways i love to eat the tortilla with the avocados~
Can\'t go wrong with jiggly eggs and crispy bacon in your meal. Lovely service by the boss lady.
This cafe is situated among the neighbourhood area and it gives off a very warm and cozy feeling. The price of the drinks are slightly costly but it\'s the appropriate amount for a good catching up session with friends. The pastries were selling at 2 for $8 and they were pretty good. I would recommend this place for small dates and good catching up session with friends!
There\'s many cafes around, but I reckon that there is only one out there that serves a wide range of Pulla to go with coffee. This is the latest of the lot — a Pulla that actually feels pretty Christmas-sy especially where within the bread lies a core that\'s filled with tart yet sweet dried raspberries while surrounded by swirls of bittersweet dark chocolate. Very comforting with a cup of coffee on the side.
haven\'t been here in a while and i really like the new (or not so new) interior design! super chic and clean haha of course i had to get the raved about breakfast item and was definitely not disappointed. cheese was thick and eggs done just right. i don\'t like avocados and smoked salmon but they couldn\'t provide me with an alternative which i thought was a real joy kill :-( i mean is it that hard to throw in some sausages or sth..............
Cutesy fun-sized Christmas Pulla packed with a whole lotta fun, with colourful fruity bits. Was hesitant when they described it as something like a fruit cake, but thank goodness it wasn\'t cloyingly sweet at all. Topped with gingerbread-star for more merriment. 
Great ambiance, defs got the Aussie cafe feels🤗 would definitely recommend their coffee! As for the oven baked eggs, better to share✌🏻 after all, sharing is caring!
A special Pulla for the Christmas season — dried, candied fruits that screams Christmas all in the fluffy bread that is topped with a Scandinavian spice cookie that exudes of light but very detectable ginger aroma that lifts the entire flavour profile of the bread. Very festive especially with a sprinkle of icing sugar on the top.
#2 on the menu. Pretty good and healthy for a Brioche!! Satisfied!👍🏻☺️
There are really just some dishes that I would like to let the visuals speak for just how great its quality is. This is a prime example. It\'ll singe your wallet though and it\'s really hearty, so allievate those problems simultaneously by sharing this with somebody. (8/10)
Settled for this which I had never seen before here — the Pulla was texturally similar to their Almond and Vanilla bun but topped with a white chocolate glaze atop with a cream cheese and raspberry filling within. The bun was soft and fluffy, while the filling was savoury-sweet with chunks of raspberries to chew on. Perfect to pair with a hot cup of coffee.
Glad that it isn\'t raining gloom today, but not so much for the heat. Quick stop here at one of my favorite cafe - thank goodness for this cold, cold brew. Smooth, creamy and the right amount of sweetness with subtle nuttiness is just what I need to get on with the day.
This is one joyful brunch plate that easily pleases the eyes, tastebuds and pocket! 😄\n<br />Let me break it down for you. What you get is a VERY thick and fluffy brioche topped with sliced tomatoes and melted cheese. The crispy bacon I picked (you can opt for smoked salmon if preferred) is heaped on top of it. Alongside those are a wobbly slow-cooked egg, chargrilled sweet corn and a Japanese-influenced salad of mixed leaves, tiny cubes of apples and sesame seeds. As I am mad for avocado, I got it as an add-on for $3 more.\n<br />In contrast to their popular \"Molten Eggs\", this dish incorporates the element of subtle sweetness which is marvelously refreshing. I find the combination of flavours here totally spot-on 😋😋 .
Single origin from São Paolo, Brazil, given the platforms of mocha and cappuccino to sing. And sing it did, in all its nutty, chocolatey and nougat-y glory.
a nice cold brew for a hot Sunday morning.. #livinglife #happiness #burpple @brawn_and_brains @burpple
miss the cold brew and decided to Hv a healthier brunch with their wrap.. hearty and filling just a little bit too much onion for my liking but I like the generosity of the amount of chicken.. and I got my cold brew fix 😍 #burpple
Obligatory order of the Molten Eggs on my first visit here, and it didn\'t disappoint at all -- cheese smothered runny eggs and generous portions of avocado, baby spinach and cherry tomatoes make for a very hearty but healthy breakfast. You can choose to add on smoked salmon, bacon or avocado for a more indulgent version.
@brawn_and_brains version is subtle with an unexplained sweetness, plus it\'s so creamy. Works better than the flat white here I think (I stole sips of @gnorijul\'s single origin which was a tad bitter).
A pretty easy cafe to find and really rather quiet! The eggs were soooooo good! The smoked salmon and eggs really made a good combi! Love the spinach and avocado added too! 👍🏻👍🏻 Read online and it said $12.80 but ended up it was $15.80!!!! :-(
Work on a Sunday but all\'s good because there\'s yummy brunch with mummy😌 One of my favourite place to go to - good food, great cuppa , lovely ambience and price is reasonable (no gst/svc charge!). We loved everything we had - the oven-baked molten eggs with smoked salmon&amp; avocado and curried chicken wrap + avocado was quite a good hearty portion at $15.80 and $10.90 (+$3 for avocado) respectively. 
Chocolate coated croissant (love it to bits) with house-blend latte. Of course mornings are not complete with precision equipment lounging around the table.
Available at Brawn &amp; Brains only for today (18 Aug) and limited portions available; the Omakase special features Soba Noodles tossed in a Goma dressing laced with a white-coloured cheese, sesame and a grain (something similar to Quinoa), sous-vide egg, a Chicken Tsukune stick with melted cheese within and two sautéed mushrooms for a single portion. A simple and enjoyable treat, the Soba Noodles were well-flavoured with the dressing as every strand is coated with a roasty, tangy, sesame fragrance from the Goma dressing — mix in the egg yolk for more flavour if you wish. Chicken Tsukune Stick comes with specks of mushroom to give the meatballs a little more bite with a surprise core of stringy, melted cheese that\'s bound to satisfy while the sautéed mushroom were bouncy and delightfully earthy in flavour. Finished with Bonito Flakes, it\'s a pretty healthy yet flavourful attempt that\'s Japanese-inspired — something I wouldn\'t mind having again if it was to be a main menu item.
These are amazing and very filling. I had to share! Its 12.90 and no GST &amp; service charge! Also had their pastries 2 for $8!
It\'s usually a habitual thing that I would order Flat White without batting an eyelid here, but the weather\'s been a little insane and I was just in desperate need of something cold. Cold Brew here is made from the Pen &amp; Pencil blend that they brew in-house here. Expect a lightly nutty aroma as you sip through the creamy concoction directly from the bottle.
And theres no gst and service charge here. 😋 So fulfiling but mind that u hav to walk 15min under the hot sun from Aljunied mrt. Better off if u drive there -M
Wasn\'t an easy place to find since my mom and I walked from Aljunied MRT. The journey was so worth it though! Mom ordered the oven baked molten eggs with avocado and added on smoked salmon. ($15+) It was really filling and they weren\'t stingy with the avocado portion! The chicken avocado sandwich was good too! But I was too full to finish it. Desserts were a lil pricey but the Earl grey croissant was good! Wouldn\'t mind going back again for another meal! 
Simple but hearty lunch in a bright, wide space. Also one of the few cafés where the music murmurs softly in the background instead of drowning out your thoughts.
Rarely coming by for the sandwiches and wraps because I tend to treat this place as a tea-time hangout more so I can get my hands on the pastries — if I ever do head down for lunch alone I would almost certainly end up with this Pepperoni &amp; Cheese sandwich where you can smell the grilling of cured meat as soon as they start firing up your order. What makes this so good is the generous slices of salami that gives that satisfying savoury flavours, accompanied with stringy cheese, fresh and juicy tomatoes and vegetables — all between a warm and crisp toasted baguette. I am pretty much aware how many times I have actually posted this item before, but I just can\'t help getting excited every single time I have it (which is pretty much once in a blue moon given how many times I have visited them).
Oven Baked Molten Eggs with Avocado and Cheese ($12.90) is a must-try. The warm, gooey cheese with the oozy warm yolk of the molten eggs just bring comfort to my tummy.  You Hv the option of adding either smoke salmon or grilled bacon in the side for just another $3.50. #burpple #tastytastemakertour @burpple @mybulgingtummy
For @brawn_and_brains cold brew and to try out their brunch menu after seeing all the great pictures shared by the #burpple tastemakers yesterday.. Can\'t wait to eat!
Saw the lone Earl Grey Croissant in the display, but couldn\'t miss this new pastry that\'s sitting beside the Bagels today. Similar to their Vanilla &amp; Almond Bun, but this one comes with swirls of chocolate and caramalised bananas — mushy, sweet and fluffy bread that\'s the classic combination that simply puts a smile to the face. It all doesn\'t end there; the bread comes with an espresso glazing which is a perfect marriage with the chocolate, giving it a bittersweet flavour. Guess this shall be yet another item I would rotate alongside my favorites when I visit them in the future! 
This popular sandwich has evolved over time from being good to being one of the best wraps around. I remember when Brawn &amp; Brains first opened, this was something I used to order regularly. Back then, the flatbread was slightly smaller, thinner, crispier and pale beige in colour, while the curried chicken was tasty but of a drier recipe. Fast forward to today and things have changed quite a bit. Besides the increase in size, the wrap has taken on a very attractive, appetite-whetting orange hue thanks to the curried sauce. The spiciness level of the chunky curried chicken filling has been dialed up as well - which makes me very happy. I am also loving the freshness from the purple onions and crisp arugula leaves plus the creaminess from the grated cheese and blobs of dressing. If you are partial to avocados like I am, you can always add some on for $3 more. I find it goes very well with this sandwich.
Guys, look what I found! 😋 Brawn &amp; Brains has recently launched a cold brew which uses their popular \"Pen &amp; Pencil\" house blend and takes 18 hours to create. Smooth, thick and creamy, the coffee taste is strong and there is just a little sweetness. My money is on these bottles of silky caffeine flying off their refrigerator shelves. 
Best shared with a friend as the cheese may get too heavy after awhile. Also, in that way you still have space for their Earl Grey Lavender Croissant ($3.50) - personally my basic and constant order at @brawn_and_brains. Perfected with a cuppa of choice (both house blend and single origin are pretty good).
The oven baked eggs with avocado &amp; melted cheese ($12.90) is the perfect balance of breakfast for me! If you\'re looking for something light, go for the Earl Grey Croissant ($3.50) which is fluffy &amp; comes with a hint of earl grey. \n<br />End your meal with a dose of coffee with their house blend (Pen &amp; Pencil) or the Single Origin (Ethiopia) or their brand new white cold brew &amp; you\'re good to go!
Before the exam week coming ,having nice brunch to motivate myself !and this is really nice ,on top of the pizza crush with 2 half boiled egg and cheese ,it go really  well with tomatoes and avocado 😍not much brunch choice in brawn and brain ,but this is\"must \"order dish !Overall rating :4/5 
Yum. I wish I could\'ve tried the Earl Grey Croissant though!
Enjoy a freshly baked Pulla aka Finnish Cinnamon Roll and a glass of iced flat white. We\'re set to GO~
Thanks to my babe @jjoanciee for the company and lots of laughters today. 😙
What was a melody of flavours in my mouth was actually 2 half boiled eggs and an overwhelming yet satisfying amount of melted cheese atop a thin pizza crust. Satisfying much, and goes really well with the baby tomatoes, Parmesan sprinkled spinach, &amp; sliced avocados. Totally value for money at $12.90.
So good! I wonder if they make their own smoked salmon. Cause it\'s not salty! Which is perfect!
Having expanded to a bigger space just around the corner, this light-filled, child-friendly noshery along Guillemard Road is always bustling with activity, especially on weekends. They don\'t take reservations, so come early with a group of friends to snag a seat at the coveted communal table. The weekend menu is straightforward. There are five items to choose from, of which you must get the egg-cellent Oven Baked Molten Eggs on Tortilla and Melted Cheese ($12.90) that comes with avocado slices and refreshing cherry tomatoes. You can even add Smoked Salmon for just $3! The two ready-to-burst eggs promise a river of liquid gold, so keep your cameras close by to catch all the runny action. If you\'re dropping by at non-meal times, opt for their super tasty Curried Chicken Wrap ($10.90) or their Earl Grey Croissant ($4.20). Pair these bites with a Flat White ($4.50), and just enjoy your time here.
A perfect hideout from the scorching weather with a cup of Ice White ($5) on one hand and cinnamon roll on the other.
Eggs were well done and it matches perfectly with avocado and greens. My kind of brunch!
I visited this nice restaurant on Sunday. It takes 10-15 mins from near MRT Aljunied station on foot. This restaurant is inside an institute.  I had cheesy eggs with avocado and iced coffee there. The total price is about SD17. The food is good, also I enjoyed visual of it. 
Essentially two soft-boiled eggs enveloped in more melted cheese than you might find on a pizza, and baked to a slight crisp on the outside. The end result? A parcel of gooey deliciousness, that pleases both your tummy &amp; your Instagram feed. What\'s also noteworthy is the attention paid to garnishing. The smoked salmon came sprinkled with sesame seeds, the greens with grated cheese, while the avocado and  eggs heated things up with a dash of chilli flakes - lending unique flavour twists to otherwise common ingredients. Further, pegged at only $12.90 (add $2.50 for smoked salmon), this is a brunch that won\'t break the bank. That said, the cheese can get a little heavy for those who aren\'t cheese lovers, so perhaps sharing this dish would be best! Be sure to grab some coffee while you\'re there as well - the iced white ($5) is a solid antidote to the Singaporean heat, that retains its prominent coffee flavours even as the ice melts. Free browsing copies of Kinfolk and Leica Photography International also ensure that you\'re all set for a long, lazy afternoon at this cafe spot. \n
.\n<br />Finding midweek inner peace with flakey crossiant glazed with earl grey icing.
While I was impressed by the generosity of the quality ingredients (creamy avocado and ALL! THAT! CHEESE!), I would have preferred the cheese to be incorporated more with the eggs, as they seemed too distinct to have reached that cheesy egg perfection. Maybe mix cheese into the egg whites?? 🤔 But that\'s still nitpicking at an otherwise outstanding, atypical brunch dish. 
I cut into half lah so you can see the different levels of yumminess inside mah.. Aah, I\'m hungrieddddd. At this hour, yeah. #brawnandbrains #먹스타그램 #burpple
The curried chicken wrap was wickedly addictive! Piquant curry flavours, and the spiciness had a great kick 👍🏼 #burpple #brunch #foodspotting #foodporn #foodstamping
A cozy space nestled away, I almost walked right pass this cafe without realizing it. 
Or coffee, rather, with a croissant in hand. Unlike many others, I was never blown away by their food, even after multiple visits. Not that it isn\'t good, but it\'s something that\'s neither ingenious, nor mighty hearty, nor hard to whip up from home. But if all you\'re looking for is decent food, great coffee, and a place to spend your day - it ain\'t a bad choice.
Your experience at this light-filled, friendly spot is made even more egg-cellent with their Oven Baked Molten Eggs on Tortilla and Melted Cheese ($12.90). Cheese is melted atop two ready-to-burst slow cooked eggs promising a river of liquid gold. Beautifully sliced avocados, bright spinach, cherry tomatoes and a tortilla make wonderful accompaniments. If you need more, add Smoked Salmon ($3) or Bacon ($3, only available on weekends), and finish off with a lovely coffee.
Walked into this cafe with a local Tastemaker for the first time, didn\'t know what to expect, got blown away by this curry chicken in a wrap. Unable to recover from how great it was, a second trip was made and I topped it up with avocado (which made the dish even better). Traces of oil seeped through the wrap at the bottom may look like a nightmare to some but what is curry chicken without its oil, no? Also, this place is big but does not have a high seating capacity. I\'ve been told to not come during peak hours or after lunch especially if I still want to get my hands on their pastries by the counter.
The Oven Baked Molten Eggs on tortilla and melted cheese. Needless to say, who doesn’t love the runny yolks? The neatly arranged baby spinanch was drizzled with tangy sauce and the sweet cherry tomatoes compliment it. 
Cozy place to enjoy your afternoon cuppa! Usually features 2 different type of blends one with a nutty accent and the other with a slight hint of citrus. 
The propel here are friendly and warm. Coffee really good. Will be back for more. 
The molten eggs were so good that they melted my heart 💕 cheese on top of runny yolks (just the way I like it), a yummy side of baby spinach (drizzled with some magical tangy sauce) and sweet cherry tomatoes! What\'s there not to love? Highly recommend! (Cafe aesthetic was also lovely, not too many tables around though, but the staff were really cheery and efficient! ☺️)
🌞🍞🍳 Enjoy this {Mushroom and Cheese Brioche} and other yummy offerings from here. More details on the blog!
Say hello to flawlessness. Both in appearance and also, taste. I\'m not kidding when I say this made me gasp at first sight. The neat and vividly coloured arrangement of sliced avocado, tomato halves and baby spinach around the golden, cheese-topped eggs on flatbread was a work of edible art. Proving to have as much substance as style, every bite delivered absolute deliciousness. Such is the magic of beautifully-cooked runny-yolked eggs with very fresh and well-prepared accompaniments. And let\'s not forget, there\'s also the option of adding on bacon or smoked salmon as well. I think no further explanation is needed as to why this is a must-have.
Most that knows me well would know that #IFindComfortHere. A place that I had discovered while I was still very much chasing every single new cafe in town, but little did I expect at that point of time that this would be a constant spot that I would be visiting over the years. Having visited countless of cafes in the past few years, what really draws me back is the passion and their drive behind their coffee; all blends are roasted by themselves and the pride behind their craft, whilst being simple and honest in their food and business. The owners used to talk to almost every single one who walked through their door at the old place, not just for the sake of small talk but more of an exchange that one would have with a friend. It also probably helped that the old place was a cosy little nook where you tend to end up bumping into someone you might know, thus creating a neighbourly and friendly vibe that you hardly get elsewhere. These days, the larger space meant more noise and all the staff getting busy, but they still never fail to greet and have a little chat if they have the time; even the new staff does try remembering the regulars and their names and do interact with them if they can. Having seen them grow for more than two years from the small space to what they are now can be a little surreal sometimes, but it was really a journey worth looking back where they have always strived to improve and perfect that cuppa, and also a trip down the memory from a time before I got enlisted in the army to now where I have turned into a university student. All these while they have still remained the humble and honest neighbourhood cafe that is sincere and passionate in whatever they do. It\'s really no longer a cafe to me now, but somewhere where friendships are forged, and a place where you share happiness whilst you have a cuppa; sometimes even as a hideout when things get a little under the water because you know you would definitely feel better the moment you walk out of the door.
happy Chinese New Year Eve! 🎊 with only two choices on the food menu today because they\'re only open for half-day since it\'s CNY eve, we decided to try both, which were the Oven Baked Molten Eggs ($12.90) and the Pepperoni &amp; Cheese Sandwich ($11.50), and also got the Earl Grey Croissant with Toasted Hazelnuts ($4.20) from the pastry section. i accompanied them with a cup of Caffe Mocha ($4.80). the Oven Baked Molten Eggs had poached eggs which were perfectly cooked i fell in love with it immediately 😍 i loved every bite of the Pepperoni &amp; Cheese Sandwich, the combination of Rocket Salad, Tomatoes and Pepperoni made every bite oh so flavourful! if you love sugary food, you would love the Earl Grey Croissant with Toasted Hazelnuts. it was such a unique flavour for a croissant, though i would prefer it to be more flaky. i must say the staff were really friendly and sweet! the open concept this cafe has makes this place very instagrammable. i would definitely want to come back again to try the other food on the full menu!
this cafe has possibly the best lighting ever, allowing for great insta photos since the clean interior allows for ample sunlight to enter\n<br />the croissant was fluffy and buttery, and I really love chocolate so that\'s a plus! \n<br />looking forward to try their savory dishes and coffee (heard their house blends are really good)
Featuring weekend special - Open Face Toast with Slow Cooked Egg &amp; Grilled Bacon ($14.90).
Been a while since I last had this. Crisp, toasted baguette with greens, tomatoes, savoury slices of pepperoni and melty, stretchy cheese within that got me hooked ever since my first try. Comes with a sprinkle of paprika for a little spice, and a side of chips.
One of the new mains available at Brawn &amp; Brains, featuring slow cooked eggs on top of a tortilla coated with melted cheese. A great option for those who are looking for a light bite without having to resort to a croissant or the Finnish buns here, since most of the wraps and sandwiches have been upsized since the move. Look forward to melty cheese, oozy egg yolk with a little spicy heat from the paprika sprinkled atop, coming with garden greens tossed in salad to go along. Perfect for a light brunch!
Food and ambience on point 👌🏼 finally got to try the earl grey croissant and I\'m glad I did! Croissant texture was dense but I kinda liked it overall, although I do prefer the light and flakey kind. Loved the earl grey glaze (albeit on the sweet side) and the crunchy crushed nuts. The vanilla bun was surprisingly good too, with fragrance of cinnamon and toasted almonds atop. Opted for pen and pencil house blend (Ethiopian x Columbian x Brazilian beans) for my caffe mocha - pretty smooth and light.
The weekday version; a humble variant that comes in a form of a sandwich less the cheese and egg. Soft and fluffy brioche toast with crisp edges, with smoked salmon, alfalfa and avocado in the middle for a savoury, buttery smooth breakfast treat. Comes with side of chips as always. Portion is rather huge, and perhaps good to share though my appetite is rather small so I could be wrong about this ;)
Could really use a Flat White with the Malawi AA blend right about now.
Seems like they have something new every week; this new bun reminds me of a homely breakfast. Spiced bun that comes speckled with sugar around the edges, and a crusted side that is reminiscent to the charred edges of a pizza. Topped with sweet yet slightly tart raspberry jam; a simple breakfast indeed.
Having their house blend today. Nutty and chocolaty flavour. 
Love it how it\'s nearer where I am. Now, just to wake up earlier for it. 
Also yet another new item at the favourite spot. This makes for a good tea time treat for the sweet raspberry jam and the sugary glazing over buttery pastry.
Light breakfast for the road. Managed to try something new from my favourite spot and really liked how this went with the warm, light and fluffy bun which contained a vanilla-flavoured swirl similar to a cinnamon bun; subtly sweet and crusty top with toasted almonds. So comforting, and I think I have found my new favourite item from here.
To satisfy my constant craving for croissants, I headed down to Brawn &amp; Brains for their earl grey croissant. The texture of this croissant is more similar to a denser and bread-like interior, coated with earl grey icing. Am super happy with the coffee here though - strong in caffeine kick and tasted smooth &amp; clean! 
Felt like having a cold beverage today and this Iced White did not disappoint. Here at Brawns &amp; Brains, there are two types of coffee beans to choose from - the Single Origin or the house blend Pen &amp; Pencil. I picked the Pen &amp; Pencil which is a blend of three different beans, said to have a nutty aroma with fruity tones. All coffee are served with a double ristretto, giving you a strong kick of caffeine boost. The coffee was slightly on the acidic side and ends on a fruity note. I\'ll definitely head back to grab a cuppa if I\'m around the area! 
Ah, the legendary croissant at Brawn &amp; Brains. Perfect to snack on with a cup of tea, these come in earl grey or chocolate flavour, topped with roasted hazelnuts. The icing breaks off easily, so forget the knife and fork and tuck right in! This is the one to get if you\'re a sugar lover. 
There\'s an Amazon Forest\'s worth of greens hiding on that plate - spinach, onions, green peas and the occasional orange wedge. The brioche toast was another surprise with a layer of melted cheese under generous slices of smoked salmon, while the slow cooked egg wobbles ever so gratuitously with the slightest movement.  
half day gone, half more to go. A cup of coffee mocha @brawn_and_brains first to recharge. #brawnnbrains #mocha #burpple
Not sure if it\'s officially back, but the Earl Grey Cake happened to be around for two consecutive weekends that I am here. This week it comes with an optional topping of Greek Yogurt, Honey and Pistachio; the same one previously served with the Banana Walnut Mini Loaf. I would recommend having the Earl Grey Mini Loaf seperately from the Greek Yogurt first; this way you can actually savour the mild aromatic tea flavours of the cake and have a hearty breakfast at the same time.
😍😋 DON\'t you ever dare to forget the bacon add-on! 🐷
Menu was a little limited but perfect for a quick stop by. Food mainly consists of wraps and sandwiches, which taste great for that quick and hearty brunch. Be prepared to stay longer than expected, the ambience is beautifully minimalistic. Came for the food and stayed for the vibes. Waiters are friendly, attentive and definitely help make the meal extremely pleasant. Very enjoyable experience here. :)
Went ahead with a savory dish instead, Curried Chicken Wrap $10.90. The curry taste leans towards the richer and spicier side, which makes it pretty enjoyable. The only thing is the excess chili oil that drips everywhere after every bite. Nonetheless, love the space and coffee here. ☕️
mid week. you need brawn and brains, pen and pencil. stay strong.
work week is a wrap! always missed out their food at their previous corner unit but boy is their newer outfit totally tailored for instagrammers. apart from coffee, found another reason to head down brawn &amp; brains now for their limited but pleasant food menu. while the wraps are a little steep on price, they were highly enjoyable yesterday. great texture from the rockets and dressing were considerate enough to enjoy but not make the skin soggy!
friday\'s house blend coffee (pen and pencil) - short of vertically challenged. ikr, so punny!
And I can\'t wait to go back to try more of their food.
Hanging out in the east at one of my favourite cafe
Loving the Salted Caramel tart and their Croissant coated with Earl Grey icing and toasted nuts. 😛
But it\'s also true that when there are more people, more friends can be made too!😉 You only live this lifetime. Make this journey a fulfilling one alright? Can\'t be more thankful and more blessed!😊 ➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖\n<br />Cherish all the opportunities you have for that one conversation that may last for a life time. \n<br />Enjoy the company of a stranger who may be your friend for a life time. \n<br />Hope to spread the positivity around you for that may last more than a life time.\n<br />- Justin\n<br />➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖➖
Love this beautifully glazed Earl Grey croissant (SGD 3.80) and wanted to order another one again for myself but everybody stopped me because they think I\'m too fat 😭😭😭! Foresee myself to be here again real soon when I need some time to be alone.
First time having this improved classic in their new space that they had been serving for a while in their old place. Using a different type of bread, this was significantly thicker and denser than the old one, but also more crusty which suits the nature of this item better. Layered with greens, pastrami, sliced tomatoes and melted cheese, this was a savoury treat that felt really similar to a pizza; hearty but at the right portion size. Definitely delightful for breakfast, and even lunch.
This Curried Chicken Wrap (more like taco actually) was admittedly decent and yummy. Unfortunately tiny details - in particular the unmelted shredded cheese, unnecessary glob of mayo, excess oil that dripped everywhere and made the wrap soggy - were overlooked, making it much less pleasant. For such a small portion, and the lazy side of processed chips, I\'m not sure it\'s worth the demanded price. Besides I could easily make this at home, so why have it there?
Most of you who have been following me for a while now would know that I loved the bundt version of their Earl Grey Tea Cake that they used to serve and had been missing it for a while now. Finally making its reappearance, the Earl Grey Tea Cake now comes in mini loaf cake form; familiar tea aroma goes throughout, while the cake is now lighter and fluffier and more crusty round the exterior. Now that it\'s back, I guess it\'s one less reason for me to bake the Earl Grey Loaf Cake that I had been baking every once in a while when I miss having theirs!
When you can have two portions of brunch + bacon. ALL mine. 😍😍 Blessed Sunday everyone! #Burpple #Sgcafe #breakfast
Woke up at 4.30am on Saturday for a public training run and woke up at 5.30am today to volunteer at Willing Hearts. It\'s a weekend of paying back to the community. #cafelife #cafehopping #sgcafes #sgcafehopping #burpple
What most impressed was the fresh and crunchy salad that had light hints of wasabi. The palm-sized brioche toast, despite having a nice layer of melted cheese on top, was dry and unappealing. The egg was well, what you\'d get in your local coffee shops. For having more than half my plate be salad, $14.90 seems a little overpriced. Points for finally having savoury items for us hungry customers, but I\'ll stick to the coffee and pastries.
Though not as perfumed as I\'d like, this Earl Grey glaze croissant was a serious treat. The delicate glaze shattered when pierced, and together with the crushed nuts lent an elegant spin to the classic buttery pastry. My biggest gripe was their croissants are more yeasted than laminated, resulting in a denser and breadier pastry with less buttery fragrance. Not my fave croissant albeit a wonderful pastry in general.
Finally made my way down to Brawn &amp; Brains which isn\'t as hard to find as I\'d thought. Loving the service and the brightly lit interior that makes me wanna never leave. Tried almost everything on the menu: the food was decent, thought not particularly memorable. They do make a mean cuppa though - definitely one of the better ones around.
Their Banana Walnut Loaf downsized into a single portion and came with an option of a side of Greek Yogurt with Pistachios. Greek Yogurt comes with a dash of honey, which you can slather on the Mini Banana Loaf if you like for a satisfying breakfast treat. Liked that they included Pistachios for a crunch too!
Served with two variants; Grilled Bacon or Smoked Salmon with options of adding Grilled Bacon, Smoked Salmon and Avocado if you fancy. Stuck to the Smoked Salmon option, and not only it comes with generous amounts of fresh smoked salmon which was a savoury treat, the open-faced toast was grilled in cheese so it is light and fluffy, yet beautifully crusted in melted cheese. A sous vide egg comes along, seasoned with salt and pepper; yolk not particularly runny but still flavourful. Salad at the side comes with onions, rocket and other greens; loved that light hint of wasabi flavour which helped to lift the salad in taste overall. The salad comes with peas, but there is always an option of leaving them out by requesting for no peas while ordering at the friendly cashier (like what I did). Definitely a brunch I enjoyed starting my day with!
My Friday got off on the right foot with this appetising sandwich, a new item on the menu at the recently reopened Brawn &amp; Brains cafe.\n<br />The grilled chicken was moist, the avocado perfectly ripe and that baby spinach sure gave good bite. Pulling them together brilliantly was the brioche. Baked fresh daily on the premises, the golden slices were light and had a gentle crunch after being toasted.\n
Usually served in wrap form, the menu was tweaked slightly to serve this as a sandwich instead. The change from the wrap made the dish seemed heartier with bigger portions and the bread managed to absorbed all the drippy goodness of the yogurt dressing and curry sauce that the wrap always failed to hold up within. Generally this is a better change; the only trade-off would be the lighter portions with the wrap variant.
My friend liked this so much, we ordered a second one right after. Try requesting for this to be served chilled like we did, which I feel beats the original room temp version with its cool, firmer ganache that later melts away in the mouth.
Love how this is not too sweet! The texture was crispy on the outside, and chewy and fluffy on the inside. The earl grey frosting thankfully did not overpower the flavour of the croissant and complemented it really well in a surprisingly unexpected way.  
One of the new pastries that is being served at Brawn &amp; Brains which brings us memories of a childhood pastry that\'s buttery and cinnamon-sweet filled with sultana raisins but less the cherry on the top. Yet another one of those that works very well with the strong in-house roasted coffee here.
The Earl Grey with Roasted Pistachio Croissant was so darn good!Felt like the croissant version of Krispy Kreme, original glazed. 
The day that everyone had been looking for; Brawn &amp; Brains finally starts serving food and pastries starting today with favourites such as their Curry Chicken Wrap, Earl Grey Croissant and tarts. This Curry Chicken Wrap is what I had remembered it to be; a crisp and thin wrap that went under the panini grill that comes with chicken marinated in curry-infused yogurt which was mildly spicy with greens for the healthy touch. Chips comes at the side to give something to crunch on.
One of the pastries that is being served at Brawn &amp; Brains on the first day that they are offering food in the new outlet. This brings back memories of the same old buttery pastry coming in swirling layers with the spiced Cinnamon heart I the middle. Couples very well with the coffee for a tea-time break.
While the stunning roominess that is Brawn &amp; Brains\' new cafe space is guaranteed to be appreciated, it\'s good to know what made us fall in love with them in the first place has not changed - their excellent coffee.\n<br />I tried their house blend today, the \"Pen &amp; Pencil\" and its combination of Ethiopian, Columbian and Brazilian beans was sheer poetry on the palate. 
A very nice place but the kitchen\'s not ready and there is no food.
Other than photography workshops, I had never seen so many food photographers gathered at a cafe to shoot their coffee! If you can\'t beat their brawn and brains, join em...
😍😍 The new space, light, shadows, coffee and most importantly, the people!Lovely cuppa(new house blend) for lunch because it is Friday!Woot! Thank you Mervin @lunchwithmerv for the yummy coffee! #EileenWantsToCampHereForever #CafeHoppingSG #SgCafe #Cuppa #Coffee #Tgif #burpple .\n<br />|\n<br />PS - not open yet.
The new and bigger Brawn &amp; Brains officially opens today at 100 Guillemard Road within the same building but facing the main road instead. Featuring their Flat White with their new Pen &amp; Pencil blend which is their new house blend, a mix of Ethiopian, Columbian and Brazilian beans which is said to exude a nutty, milk chocolate flavour with Stone Fruit tones. Only coffee served now though for the time being.
Last #cuppa here before the new BnB opens in July!
Somewhat a new combination which features that all-familiar croissant with Earl Grey drizzle and Hazelnut sprinkled over the top instead of the usual Pistachio
It\'s a good thing a Flat White with Nicaragua Jinotega beans does the perking up for me. Happy Weekends all!
Singaporean\'s Guide To Ulu Café Hopping
Decent Flat White that was rich and strong, with a smokey overhaul. I usually don\'t have my flat white with sugar but I added half a teaspoon and it brought out the coffee aroma a lot more! Extremely wallet friendly! Great find! Only $3.50
Woo hoo!! ✈️✈️ Any lobang for cheaper air tickets and also non-touristy spots to go huh? \n<br />On a side note, I\'m missing @brawn_and_brains and the ever so sweet @gpsywhite ! This May is my craziest month ever! 😫😩 #ChasingShadows #ChasingLight #CafeHoppingSG #CafeHop #SgCafe #EileenWantsToCampHereForever
A small and quaint cafe, Brawn and Brains is a place that you can spend the entire afternoon here and just watch the day go by. The baristas here roast their own coffee beans and with the blend of Columbian Supremo and Sumatra Lintong, their Flat White ($3.50) is rich, mild fruity, has a smokey flavour with an acidic aftertaste. 
I\'m glad that there\'s a Flat White with a new blend is there to content.
Always love a cup of latte on a rainy day! Hello rainy day!!! 
Some places you\'ll never get sick of going again and again.... This is probably one! 
It was always a delight to visit BnB.
Had a cup of regular flat white (double shot) and a sip reminds me of the nutty, sweet (and strong) coffees from Melbourne.
Limited spaces, be prepared to share tables. Reasonable prices. Like the coffee. Don\'t like the salted caramel tart. 
why am i so alone today? even the coffee is single. single origin honduras to start the weekend. slightly marred latte art (hence this angle) but forgiving for that strong brew with nutty and chocolaty tones at a wallet friendly $3.50. yea, i know that cause it was written there. lol
Wallet friendly and great service!  My Beef Pastrami Sandwich ($7.50) was a plate of satisfaction as I teethed through the different layers - from the crunchy and well toasted pastry, well seasoned beef, juicy tomatoes, fresh lettuce to the splash of vinaigrette that made it so complete. Not forgetting the chips laid at the side. I got so addicted munching on them before tucking on the sandwich. Full review on www.imhaydenchan.blogspot.com
I have got an inkling this is not my first time posting about this but I guess I just have to do it again because I rarely have their wonderful sandwiches despite my many visits here. Each order is lovingly made to order by the boss himself, whom assesmbles all the ingredients before placing in the oven to grill, and then pressing the sandwich thereafter at the panini grill to achieve that flattened presentation with the crisp texture of the bread. Coming with a generous load of ingredients, what keeps me craving for one is the savoury flavour of the pepperoni which already tempts you  when its heated up in the oven over a tomato-based spread, and that oozy cheese that sits atop the bread. Greens also come aplenty so its pretty much a balanced deal across the board.
|\n<br />Crispy panini with the savory pastrami. Simple and well done. To make things better, the oozing grilled cheese! Soul food!
|\n<br />It might not be wise to ask them to warm up the croissant because of its thin layer of sugar glazed finish. .\n<br />|\n<br />Some might found them too sweet but with a double shoot latte, everything balanced up.
Despite of its small operation scale, the owner, Gwen insisted to make every thing from scrap. They even roasted their own coffee beans! Love this place. .\n<br />|\n<br />Brawn and Brains \n<br />Mountbatten\n<br />100 Guillemard Road # 01-07\n<br />Singapore 399718\n<br />Tues to Sunday: 0900 to 1930. Close on Monday
Crisp bread that comes with savoury slices of pepperoni, greens, tomatoes and melty cheese, with chips along as a side. Served warm, it\'s the type of light breakfast that you would crave for to be served at home to start an idyllic weekend with.
No, nothing is changed here but its really different once you get it reheated up. Not only the croissant looks prettier with that shiny chocolate ganache on the top, the warm buttery croissant is so satisfying with the luscious and smooth chocolate ganache it just puts a smile on the face, no matter how bad the day can be.
True goodness at a fraction of the price. http://oinkeebabe.blogspot.com/2013/12/a-sunday-brunch-at-brawn-and-brains.html
Chill out session at B&amp;B. The simple pleasures in life.
Yet another new croissant available here that is made by the owners themselves. Rosehip is apparently the fruit of rose plants, which is being mixed with cranberries and scattered over the top of the usual glaze that covers the top. Glazing is sweet, while the Rosehip and cranberries add a fruity tang on their signature buttery croissant. Finished off with toasted pistachios for a crunch, this is one item that screams \"Christmas\" with its vibrant red and white appearance!
The coffees here are always very well made. So it\'s no surprise that my latte pulled from the in-house blend was superb. Rich, mild and fruity with a touch of smokiness, it\'s a little more complex than my usual choices but no less satisfying.
Not a lot of food option in the menu but a good place for a nice cup of latte and light wraps. Smoke salmon wraps $9.50. Latte $4.50. 
Here\'s another one by the good folks of Brawn &amp; Brains. Brewed from beans from Guatemala, expect only creaminess in this smooth cuppa that has milk chocolate hints in the body.
Both coffee and croissant were lovingly and exactingly executed.\n<br />My latte, pulled from their single origin Guatemala Blend and described as \"creamy\", and having \"vanilla and milk chocolate\" notes, was smooth and very drinkable. \n<br />Going hand-in-hand with it was the lovely French Butter Croissant. The glossy sugar glaze finish proved to be a nice match for the soft, lightly buttery croissant. It reminded me of my childhood favourite - bread spread with butter and a sprinkle of sugar. Of course, this was a much more sophisticated version.
A very decent meal at $7 plus, it was actually very filling and all of it are freshly made right after the order is placed! (It is mentioned in their menu to give them a maximum for 25 minutes preparation time when you order their food!) will be back for their tarts next time!
After much raved reviews from a fellow burppler, I finally made my way down to the cafe to have my shot of caffeine :)
After reading so many reviews on this cafe, finally I\'m here!! Even though it\'s a small lot, we still managed to squeeze into this little cosy spot and enjoy this wonderful cup of coffee before our dinner.
It\'s delicious. Kind of oily. But, you know it\'s shiok! 
Today\'s Salted Caramel Swirl comes upsized! The same deal, but the buttery fragrance stronger and a well-balanced flavour of saltiness and sweetness. Who said bigger can\'t be better?
Latte: flavorfully smooth single origin\n<br />Salted caramel tart: salty enough for my liking, love the balance of salt and caramel 😌😌\n<br />Earl grey pistachio croissant: fluffy, buttery fragrant croissant doused with earl grey sauce and top with crunchy pistachio! Another favourite!
It arrives slightly warm because the good folks at Brawn &amp; Brains make your sandwich only when you order. Every bite of this is incredibly satisfying as the flavours and textures are thoughtfully balanced with the not-too-salty pastrami, soft cheese, layers of crisp lettuce, seasoning and sauce playing off each other perfectly. 
Yet another Earl Grey creation from Brawn &amp; Brains. Expect the same light, fluffy and flaky croissant here that comes with a light whiff of buttery goodness, topped with a glaze that is spiked with just a small hint of Earl Grey for that extra aroma. Great for a tea time treat to pair with a cup of coffee!
Hot Flat White, Ice Caffe Latte and Earl Grey Croissant with Pistachios 
This taco-style panini is a real delight with every bite. Lots of mushrooms, shredded chicken, rocket leaves, and a refreshing dressing enveloped within a crispy wrap. I\'m going to order this EVERYTIME I\'m here 😋
Quality coffee (freshly ground, and they gave a choice between single origins or blends), decent food (you can skip the croissant but order the mushroom chicken panini pls!), welcoming staff, and best of all, friendly on the wallet! I am so coming back :)
New single-origin beans that replaces the Sumatra Colombian blend here. The Nicaragua Jinotega has a medium-bodied, smooth and sweet flavour profile. A great option for casual coffee drinkers who want a bit of punch for their caffeine!
It reminds me of the kueh - harum manis. Moist and different from the usual banana cakes out there.
The small cozy cafe that is found at the former badminton association is a well-hidden gem. The condiments intertwine with the wraps and sandwiches. It just seems that the sauce and cheese infused into the wraps and sandwiches. A cafe with a small variety of choices of mains make it such a way that every main tastes so good. A perfect place to intake carbs right after rock climbing! And not forgetting end the meal with croissants and tarts. 
It\'s been some time since I had something chocolatey so this came as a pleasant side for my cup of coffee. Chocolate ganache was uber-thick, but its subtle bitterness was enough to strike that bittersweet taste. The tart base was soft and had a nice cookie-like flavour as well that complimented the tart well.
Would prefer the pastry to have more layers. Apple filings to have a little cinnamon and nutmeg spice in it.
Delish. I could have this as a full meal.
The coffee here seems to be quite inconsistent. This time we went it was pretty good, no bitterness and full-bodied, quite different from the last.
One of the newer pastry made available recently, this Apple Turnover ($3.20) is crusty and filled with lots of apple bits, before being topped with sprinkled roasted pistachios!
I usually don\'t get a Flat White ($3.50) here as I always get iced coffee here, though they are definitely one of the cheaper ones around! This time round, it is made using Mexico beans that gives it a chocolatey tone!
Another new pastry from the good folks of Brawn &amp; Brains. Light, flaky pastry that\'s fluffy inside, and filled with adequately sweet apple sauce with bits of apples for a bite. Just the light breakfast I was looking for!
New single origins served at my favourite place. Their Mexico single origin beans are medium-bodied, nutty and has chocolatey notes. Great for a relaxing cuppa!
One of the new bakes that they are serving up here. I love how the tart was not too sour; was more of a neutral of both sweet and zesty flavour, good for those who does not like their lemon curds too thick and sour. The crust was also not too thick; easy to cut yet not floury. A great and refreshing tea-time treat.
This was recommended by the co-owner of this cafe so I had to give it a go.\n<br />For me, the crust was what made it special - lightly crisp, buttery and very evenly baked. Quite perfect a receptacle for the thick lemon curd, which my tastebuds found to resemble an eggy custard that\'s been flavoured with lemon in a balanced way. It\'s not very zesty so this would suit those who prefer a lemon tart that doesn\'t make their faces pucker.
Clean, simple &amp; small space with great people! Lovely place for a quick catchup. Didn\'t manage to try the sandwiches but I\'d the next time I drop by again + earl grey tea cakes were sold out by the time we went.
2nd stop because m&amp;m was closed for cleaning; just our luck. (white chocolate with toasted almond flakes - pretty good with the right amount of sweetness / with camomile &amp; lavender / lemongrass &amp; ginger tea)
Trying something new (to me) here again. Love how the chicken shreds were savoury and the dressing is sprinkled with paprika to give it a spicy kick! 
It was so hard to ditch their Banana Walnut Loaf to give this one a try, but I am glad I did that decision. As they use Salted Butter for the swirl, it eliminates that overly-scorched flavour that many places which do Salted Caramel bakes may have; in place was a buttery yet well-salted swirl made with a sweet touch from the sticky caramel over the surface. Inside was a spiral of flaky layers; simple yet satisfying.
#coffee has a deep chocolatey and nutty flavour,  I like the slightly bitter after-taste as well!I have a weakness for cafes that roast their own beans and I\'m so glad that I\'m here!Well-worth braving through the train crowd!An excellent #espresso shot!
Need some happy drink and food before my 6pm meeting. #coffeeaddict #happybelly #brawnandbrains
Had two of my favourites from my favourite place for breakfast! (notice how many \"favourites\" is being used in a sentence?). Today\'s Earl Grey Cake came with a crusty top together with the usual aromatic tea flavour, and the Peruvian beans for the Flat White matches that perfectly.
This place is getting crowded even on weekdays. 
When it comes to banana cakes, I am embarrassed to admit I\'m a recent convert (what have I been missing all these years!) Which means I have to make up for plenty of lost time pretty damn quick :)\n<br />This morning, it was a slice of Brawn &amp; Brains\' homemade one that I tried. Their version has chopped walnuts hunkered down side-by-side with them sweet bananas. A quick pop in the oven gave the cake a light crunchy outer, which I liked very much.\n<br />Anyone knows of other good places for banana cake that I can check out? 
Their latest offering on the food menu. The tortilla wraps were grilled with their panini grill; thin and crisp, with onions, vegetables and fresh, thick cuts of smoked salmon served. What makes this really interesting is the wasabi mayo that they are not shy with; it invokes a small degree of numbness which wasn\'t too intrusive but not too forgiving as well. A great and different sort of breakfast.
Good coffee made even better from their new La Marzocco. Their Peruvian beans are mild acidic, smooth and nutty; satisfying for a morning wake-me-up
I personally prefer the mushroom chicken one. The smoked salmon wrap has wasabi dressing which I felt did not go very well with the smoked salmon. But I love the combination of the mushroom chicken with some chilli dressing:) nice cosy place to chill out in. 
This was stronger than the flat white. This is with the Brazil beans.
Coffee is a very personal thing. I\'m sure all of us have a favourite cafe or blend that gives us eyelid-fluttering, toe-curling satisfaction. However, between these two, I had a hard time deciding. First world problem indeed ;)
Together, the wasabi sprout and wasabi-laced sour cream dressing grab that laidback smoked salmon and take it on a wild, giddy trip of freshly aromatic, mustardy yumminess. No prizes for guessing what is my new favourite sandwich here :)
Friendly staff who take time to talk to you when the place is less hectic but yet give you a friendly smile even when they are busy. Coffee at affordable prices and of quality and standard. Cakes are not too bad. Sandwiches are freshly prepared, so be prepared to wait. Small and cosy cafe which can also be downside because if you happen to come at a time that it\'s full, you might want to consider waiting or walk away disappointed. 
Chose the Brazilian Blend. It was indeed nutty and smooth with a tinge of dark chocolate. Perfect way to start my cray cray Saturday morning. What\'s not to love about coffee that\'s affordable. I doubt there is another coffee place selling their joes at $3.50 each. Worth a return trip. 
Moist and soft cake that\'s slightly citrusy from the lemon and sweet from the blueberry. Pair this with a cup of cafe latte and I\'m sure you\'ll like it 
A snack has to be something that gets rid of hunger pangs but doesn\'t overdo it because you don\'t want to be too full. This tasty caramel swirl finished with a salted butter coating ($2.90), does the job well. Approximately 3 inches in diameter and an inch thick, it is enough to last you till your next meal.
Somehow, a morning cuppa here guarantees a great start to my day. They always have two types of beans to choose from, with their profile description clearly displayed. I just pick one, then sit back and wait for my beautifully pulled latte.
One of their newest creations. Your typical Cinnamon Swirl bun with a sweet, sticky layer in between. Addictive, and definitely better than the Cinnamon Melts from the golden arches anytime.
It was dense yet light on the palate. The earl grey taste is not overpowering. It was pretty good.
Notice how the beautiful artwork on Brazilian blend with froth reduced to a heart , which was how it was concocted. Great coffee! 
Been a few months since I last saw them serving their Banana bread so definitely glad to see it come back. Mushy bananas, smooth texture, crunchy walnuts generously scattered across and crusty exterior; still my personal favourite Banana bread now.
This cafe is quite inaccessible unless you\'re driving it\'s not really worth the visit. It\'s very small thus seats are limited and you gotta share a table. Pricing is relatively cheap. I had the Sundried tomato with mushroom and cheese panini ($7) and peperoni panini ($7) they were both quite unique as I seldom see panini presented in such thin slices. It\'s crispy on the outside and the gooey cheese inside goes well with the crust. Quite shiok but not really filling unless you\'re a very small eater. Overall a great place for tea. Try the coffee! I think it\'s $3.50 per cup and it\'s pretty decent. Service is excellent! 
Generously speckled with flax seeds, this Orange Vanilla Cake is aromatic and gently sweet. I think their first try at baking it in a bundt pan today, works very well. The grooved shape seems to have been born to hold the vanilla drizzle.
Crafted from their El Salvador blend, a medium bodied coffee that\'s sweet and smooth with a butterscotch note, my latte was wonderfully satisfying. Brawn &amp; Brains simply rocks!
Back to my favourite spot for a small bite before lunch. The honey drizzled croissant comes packed with orange zest for the extra tang with that buttery and flaky croissant.
The French butter croissants are already perfectly flaky and fluffy but Brawn &amp; Brains takes them to another level with their house-made zesty lime drizzle that even has tiny bits of lime zest in it. Simple yet so lovely.
Another take on the oh-so-common croissant. The drizzle acts like the lemon drizzle on lemon pound cakes; adds this really citrus-sy flavour to the buttery croissant. Together with a Flat White made from beans of El Salvador origin for the tea time treat.
Over a flaky butter croissant, gorgeous white chocolate is generously drizzled before being finished off with toasted flakes of almond and a light dusting of icing sugar. Elegantly done.
still for sharing but not with @the_xw
Back to the favourite spot armed with a Flat White with Coasta Rica beans and their latest croissant variation! Loved that subtly sweet white chocolate drizzle on top of the buttery and fluffy croissant, topped with fragrantly toasted almonds.
The chocolate flourless cake was soft, not too sweet, but crumbled easily. Iced mocha was not too sweet, just nice. One of the best mocha ever tasted.
Small little quaint cafe at e side of old badminton hall. nice coffee too
We had a Pressed panini wrap with chicken mushroom last Sunday, boy was it so good!!!! Everything felt so fresh and healthy :) we waited about 40 mins for it though! 
Tucked away in a cosy corner of the OId Badminton Hall, Brawn &amp; Brains makes you feel right at home once you step in, complete with friendly smiles and warm greetings. With a delightfully unpretentious vibe, you can either enjoy a quick and delicious lunch bite, or stick around with a book and enjoy a great latte and homemade Earl Grey pound cake. Photo by Huixuan Tan
Really love the light bites here. Served so freshly! 
Absolutely delicious, cheese was melting and panini was hot. So fresh. Will be back again.
Prepared upon order, the Panini is toasty and crispy wrapped with curried chicken that\'s juicy and moderate spiciness enough for that kick. Served with a side of chips.
but with Costa Rica Tarrazu beans the coffee taste smoother!
Thin and crispy wrap filled with curry chicken, rocket leaves and onions. Very light and refreshing. Really affordable at $7.90 too! 😋
I like that the curry chicken chunk filling is boldly spiced, yet thoughtfully tempered with their refreshing homemade yogurt sauce. A well-balanced sandwich that is of course, complemented by their perfectly crafted coffees.
Don\'t you agree that passionate and genuine people, whether they own or run a cafe, contribute greatly to its success? In my opinion, the folks at Brawn &amp; Brains are a shining example.
Indulging in a good cup of coffee, with an Earl grey slice and Butter croissant. 
Thick chocolate sauce with milk added to take out all that sweetness for a milky concoction. A great break from all that caffeine! 
A rich chocolate cake that was of the right moistness with bits of dry parts that tasted similar to brownies to offer a flavour boost.
Baked fresh daily by the co-owner, the cakes here may look deceivingly simple but one bite will blow that notion clear out of the water. My new faves are the Carrot Cake and the Lemon &amp; Blueberry. Both are equally moist and have a great crumb texture. The glaze on the latter has a wake-you-up zestiness that lemon-lovers will adore.
If you are a \"low-carber\" but prefer a sandwich that isn\'t wrapped in lettuce leaves, then here is something for you. The wrap is very thin and lightly crisp thanks to it being pressed, so it holds the generous filling more than capably. I really like the chicken filling as it is very juicy. Then there is the heavenly home-made yogurt-based sauce. It sings a lovely chorus with everything else inside. For that all-important finishing touch, the clever chef-owner adds a sprinkling of paprika. 
Trying out the new blend in their hopper. The Peru beans are light and creamy which fits those who do not like strong and intensive coffees
Moist Carrot Cake with shreds of carrots and a light-tasting cream cheese frosting. Generous walnut chunks sprinkled over the top.
Yummy in my tummy
chocolate croissant
earl grey tea
iced chocolate
everyone loves cookies
The coffee is good! You can choose from 2 flavours. There wasn\'t the famous earl grey when I reach nonetheless the cake is good! A good place to chill in the east 
Orange flavour was prominent through the cake, which contained a tangy taste to the cake. The addition of flaxseed grains gave the cake a bite and also more nutrition value.
An extremely good looking cup of coffee - chose the El Salvadore blend today
Made only upon order, this simple and fresh sandwich tastes good any time of the day. Don\'t miss out on the excellent coffee here either.
This cafe is owned by a friendly and charming couple who believes in doing things their own way. The menu is not huge but everything is done well. What\'s especially impressive is the coffee because they take the time and trouble to roast their own beans in a Toper Roaster. Goes terrifically with the homemade Earl Grey cake. 
Large chunks of chocolate with a crunchy base that did not create a nasty mess when bit into.
This was simply something hard not to love; what can be better than a Banana bread that is incredibly moist with mushy bits of banana in the cake layer filled with a generous amount of walnut chunks. Definitely something I do not mind having everyday.
First #Latte for the day. Made with Sumatra Mandehling beans. #love #coffeeporn
. ..hiding just behind the old S\'pore Badminton Hall. Coffee, and freshly prepared Sarnie &amp; Wraps. All at a very affordable price, as compared to most cafes. 
Lovers of Lemon Drizzle Cakes will love this; a full lemon-flavoured cake slice which was sweetly sour that is complimented with a sharp note of tartness from the Blueberries.
Toasty bread with mayo, tuna chunks, cheese, veggies and tomatoes. Served with a side of chips. A must-try!
Fair-trade Honduras beans that is roasted in-house used for this cup of coffee. Described as a nutty blend, not only was it aromatic, it was pretty robust as well, not forgetting its affordability at $3.50
Really good combination!!! Lemon wasn\'t too strong and cream cheese really goes perfectly with the mild yet zesty lemon taste. 
so liking this i\'m having it again! iced caffe latte
iced caffe latte
Cool is when you come across a quaint hideout that\'s not too far from home. Doesn\'t hurt when the coffee\'s straightforwardly good, sandwiches are simple and doesn\'t put a dent on your pocket, cakes are baked lovingly and you also get to sit on designer-ish furniture which were made by the smiley people who served you. And extra points for using plates in my favorite color. I\'ll be back to show @eamesboy and @gwenwhite some love and steal one of their stools. | #coffee #instaweekend #turquoise
The signature cake of Brawn &amp; Brains. Light, fluffy cake which is not filling, all with an aromatic scent of Earl Grey Tea running through.
Soft, fluffy chocolate cake which is not heavy on the palate. Cream Cheese adds a tartness though not significant. Quirky paper packaging though.
But first, coffee.
☕️\n<br />•\n<br />ACAMASEATS &amp; GTK💮: It was described that their house blend has tasting notes of stone fruit, milky chocolate and a nutty finish. My palate certainly aren’t that sensitive to detect those flavours and I honestly don’t really care, I just need a good Cuppa for my soul and the all important caffeine. 🔖\n<br />.\n<br />Either than their house blend, they offer other blends that you should check it out. With offerings like filtered coffee, cold brew and their always reliable pastries.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#fooddiary #foreverhungry #foodiegram #sgfoodie #foodiesg #foodsg #burpproved #burpplesg #burppletastemaker #TheNewHealthy #huffposttaste #f52grams #8dayseat #STFoodTrending #ChopeSG #brawnandbrianscoffee #brawnandbrainscoffeerun #coffee #flatwhite #coffeeroasters #coffeesg #houseblend #cuppa
Add their Toasted Bread (S$2) to dip or slather the cheese and avocado for a completely satisfying brunch.🍴\n<br />•\n<br />ACAMASEATS &amp; GTK 💮: I don\'t usually write about how good or bad coffee/wine is , no matter how good they are, on camera it\'s just coloured liquid poured into a cup. Coffee/Wine nerds usually bore me, don\'t talk about your damn f*cking drinks, I know it\'s good so drink it. ☕️\n<br />.\n<br />But I absolutely love &amp; adore Cheese served with a glass of port wine &amp; that\'s what\'s most generally sane people do (and in this case, Brunch)🧀\n<br />.\n<br />Unlike wine/coffee, Cheese porn is easy. Just like shooting actual porn. Start with an establishing shot, move in for a close up (then add in the \"Ohhhhhh Yes\"), cut away to that reaction, \"Fu*kkkkkkk\" Money Shot, works every time. Let me tell you, in the cheese &amp; actual deed. 🔖\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#fooddiary #foreverhungry #foodiegram #sgfoodie #foodiesg #foodsg #burpproved #burpplesg #burppletastemaker #TheNewHealthy #huffposttaste #f52grams #8dayseat #STFoodTrending #ChopeSG #BrawnandBrainsCoffee #BrawnandBrainsCoffeeRun #Brunch #MoltenEggs #SmokedSalmon #Avocado #CherryTomatoes #Salad #MeltedCheese #cheese
Came back countless of times for a good cuppa of coffee.\n<br />.\n<br />Location: @brawn_and_brains 100 Guillemard Road, #01-02, Singapore\n<br />.\n<br />#brawnandbrains #burpple #burpplesg
We ordered the Molten Eggs with Smoked Salmon and Avocado, and it was worth it for the portion. Taste wise the dish was ordinary, but better than most cafes in Singapore. Atmosphere was lovely for a cool day.
.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#tb #burpple #sgig #foodporn #weekenders
#howtonotbefat #burpple
It was goooood! The earl grey taste was distinct and I also like their croissant texture 👍🏻\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />Rate: 3.4/5\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#TQF #eatsingaporeTQF #makansg #sgfoodies #indofoodies #instafood #jktfoodies #foodstagram #foodgrammers #foodgasm #sgfoodgrammers #dessert #croissant #bread #sgcafe #eatoutsg #timeoutsg #earlgrey #brawnandbrains #afternoonsnack #burpplesg #burpple
A reminder that simple food could taste so good. Would have preferred a side of coleslaw/salad instead of chips which made the entire dish tasted more dry.\n<br />#cafehopping #cafehoppingsg #sgcafehopping #sgcafe #sgcafefood #instadaily #instafoodsg #foodstagram #foodgram #sgfoodie #sgfoodies #instadaily #sgeats #igsg #sgig #foodiesg #brawnandbrains #brunch #grilledchicken #sandwiches #burpple #whati8today\n<br />#fotd #calorieswellspent
ACAMASEATS &amp; GTK💮: The Croissant here is on the denser side instead of the usual flaky ones. Rather heavy in flavour due to the amount of gorgeous glorified butter but light on your stomach so you can grab another Pastry here which is always so tempting. 😋\n<br />.\n<br />The Earl Grey &amp; Toasted Hazelnut doesn\'t hit you straight in the face, subtle yet detectable. I like it that @brawn_and_brains toast it before serving it. But it solidify the Sugar Glaze thus it\'ll crumble from the Croissant when you cut it. It\'ll be better if it melts, so use your hands &amp; bite rather than the utensils. 🍴\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#fooddiary #foreverhungry #foodiegram #sgfoodie #foodiesg #foodsg #burpproved #burpplesg #burppletastemaker #chefsofinstagram #TheNewHealthy #huffposttaste #f52grams #8dayseat #STFoodTrending #brawnandbrains #brawnandbrainscoffee #pastry #croissant #earlgrey  #hazelnut #sugarcakepie #sugarglaze
☕️\n<br />•\n<br />ACAMASEATS &amp; GTK💮: With tasting notes of stone fruit, milk chocolate &amp; a nutty finish. As Long as there\'s coffee in this world, how bad could things be? 🏵\n<br />.\n<br />Or you can try their Single Origin from Tolima, Colombia. Where grapes, chocolate &amp; toffee comes through. Adventure in life is good, consistency in coffee is slightly even better. 🖖🏻\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#fooddiary #foreverhungry #foodiegram #sgfoodie #foodiesg #foodsg #burpproved #burpplesg #burppletastemaker #chefsofinstagram #TheNewHealthy #huffposttaste #f52grams #8dayseat #STFoodTrending #brawnandbrains #brawnandbrainscoffee #flatwhite #penandpencil #coffee
🥐\n<br />•\n<br />ACAMASEATS &amp; GTK💮: Filled with cinnamon, sugar &amp; spices which is a classic combination yet every component is distinct in in their own character. Covered in snowy icing sugar, this invokes a Christmassy nostalgia just by looking at it &amp; taste like it as well. 😋\n<br />.\n<br />Get their Pikku Pulla (2 for 💵S$5) or any pastries they offer at (2 for 💵S$8) as individually it cost approx (S$4.50-S$5.50). 🖖🏻\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#fooddiary #foreverhungry #foodiegram #sgfoodie #foodiesg #foodsg #burpproved #burpplesg #burppletastemaker #chefsofinstagram #TheNewHealthy #huffposttaste #f52grams #8dayseat #STFoodTrending #brawnandbrains #brawnandbrainscoffee #pastries #pulla #pikkupulla #sugarcakepie
show up anyway.
Pretty damn worth it for $16.80\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#sgfoodie #sgfoodies #sgcafes #sgcafe #sgfood #foodporn #igsg #sgeats #eatoutsg #food #foodstagram #foodie #foodgawker #instafood #foodgasm #burpple #sgfitfam #singapore #pasta #italian #coffee #nom #nomnom #nomnomnom
nice to chill after a hectic week which seems like it\'s going to lead into a hectic couple of months till the bed of #t4 open house.. #chill #itstheweekend #gettingfatwhilewaiting #whileimwaitingfortheloml #lomljns #lomljnck #burrple
Oven Baked Molten Eggs (Salmon) &amp; Open Face Toast (Bacon)...🍳🧀🥓🍞🍅🥗
It has fruity and milk chocolate flavours, and sprinkle over some chocolate.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#coffee \n<br />#coffeetime \n<br />#coffeebreak \n<br />#morningcoffee \n<br />#coffeefix \n<br />#becaffeinated \n<br />#caffeine \n<br />#merlioncitylife \n<br />#sglife \n<br />#coffeeaddict \n<br />#coffeelover \n<br />#coffeelife \n<br />#coffeeshop \n<br />#burpple
.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#burpple \n<br />#merlioncitylife \n<br />#breakfasttime \n<br />#sundaymorning \n<br />#weekend \n<br />#sglifestyle \n<br />#yolo \n<br />#avocado \n<br />#foodie \n<br />#foodporn \n<br />#foodblogger \n<br />#foodstagram \n<br />#foodstyling
Yummy 🤗
Baked eggs with a salty layer of baked cheese, avocado &amp; smoked salmon? Anytime!\n<br />#weekend #weekendtreats #weekendeats #breakfast #brekkie #brunch #weekendbrunch #eggs #bakedeggs #cafesghopping #cafesg #foodlover #foodiegram #foodiesg #sgfoodie #sgfood #instafood_sg #instafoodie #instafood #saturdaytreats #saturdays #burpple #foodstagram #ilovebrunch #avocadoeggtoast #smokedsalmon #avocado
*\n<br />Have a good day ahead!\n<br />*\n<br />#brawnandbrains \n<br />#burpple\n<br />#hungrysquad\n<br />#foodstarz\n<br />#eatbooksg\n<br />#whati8today\n<br />#videomasak\n<br />#phaat\n<br />#eatlikeshit\n<br />#dailyfoodfeed\n<br />#foodbossindia\n<br />#losangeleseats\n<br />#eatbooksg \n<br />#ExploreSingaporeEats\n<br />#ExploreSingapore\n<br />#eatingnyc\n<br />#damien_tc\n<br />#singaporeinsiders\n<br />#thisisinsiderfood
Oven baked molten eggs
#howtonotbefat #brawnandbrains #burrple
Always worth a detour for this ✨
#burpple\n<br />#eatoutsg \n<br />#sgfoodie \n<br />#yelpelite \n<br />#sgfoodie \n<br />#openrice \n<br />#8dayseat\n<br />#i8mondays\n<br />#sgigfoodies\n<br />#eatbooksg\n<br />#whati8today\n<br />#thefoodiehub\n<br />#igcommunity\n<br />#cravenonstop\n<br />#hungrygowhere \n<br />#cafehoppingteam \n<br />#fatclayfood\n<br />#brawnandbrains
:) #sayhellojas #brawnandbrains #burpple #beef #sandwich
☕ #124199323 \n<br />#burpple
Will visit again for sure
Slightly pricey at $12.90 for the tortilla and add on $4+ for the salmon, but it\'s worth every penny! 
🍴\n<br />.\n<br />Cold brew ☕️ has always been my personal favourite way of consuming caffine after chancing upon it at @oldhencoffee . This cold brew from @brawn_and_brains packed all the goodness of cold brew without being overly milky or sweet. Definitely a nice respite for a hot and humid day!\n<br />.\n<br />🍴\n<br />.\n<br />Brawn and Brains also serves a savoury menu and their curry chicken wrap is so yummy! 😋 Thanks @eileenongxt for recommending and being my hand model and @burpple for planning the awesome tastytastemakertour once again!\n<br />.\n<br />🍴\n<br />.\n<br />#burpple #coffee #sgfoodie #instafood #foodphotography #sgfoodlover #fooddiary #foodstagram #foodieat #sgfoodlover #foodie #foodlover  #tastytastemakertour #burpplesg #sgcafe #brawnandbrains #coldbrew #coffeeporn
Great start to the day :)
The eggs are perfectly half boiled and matched with the cheese. Pairing it with tomatoes, spinach and avocadoes, this plate is such a pleasure.\n<br />The place is comfortable for chilling and if you\'re a coffee lover, you really need to go here.\n<br />-------------------------------------------------\n<br />Brawn &amp; Brains\n<br />Address: 100 Guillemard Road #01-02
Where are you having your cuppa today? \n<br />#latteart \n<br />#burpple \n<br />#podcult\n<br />#hobikopi \n<br />#anakkopi\n<br />#coffeelife\n<br />#instagram\n<br />#latteartist\n<br />#coffeelover \n<br />#baristadaily\n<br />#coffeeaddict \n<br />#cravenonstop\n<br />#culturadelcafe\n<br />#coffeeNquotes\n<br />#coffeeuniverse\n<br />#manmakecoffee\n<br />#thecoffeefusion\n<br />#thecoffeestation\n<br />#thetrendybarista\n<br />#alternativebrewing\n<br />#masfotokopi\n<br />#mbakfotokopi\n<br />#thetrendybarista \n<br />#video_tutorial\n<br />#trendingvideo \n<br />#coffeeandkindness\n<br />#latteartgram\n<br />#videomasak \n<br />#brawn_and_brains\n<br />#coffeegical\n<br />#madaboutbrew
Simple yet delicious 😋😋😋 #burpple\n<br />#eatoutsg \n<br />#sgfoodie \n<br />#yelpelite \n<br />#sgfoodie \n<br />#openrice \n<br />#8dayseat\n<br />#i8mondays\n<br />#sgigfoodies\n<br />#sgdining\n<br />#instafood\n<br />#tagforlikes\n<br />#followback\n<br />#instafollow\n<br />#141\n<br />#eatbooksg\n<br />#whati8today\n<br />#thefoodiehub\n<br />#igcommunity\n<br />#cravenonstop\n<br />#hungrygowhere \n<br />#cafehoppingteam \n<br />#brawn_and_brains
This morning brunch situation.
That\'s the way I\'ll love to start my day.
It really fulfills your craving if you are looking for a tasty, healthy and BIG brekkie! The flat white($4.5) is strong and with a beautiful latte art!         
Good morning!
FYI, last food order at 5:30pm\n<br />Rating: 🌝🌝🌝🌝🌝\n<br />.\n<br />Brawn &amp; Brains\n<br />100 Guillemard Road #01-02\n<br />Singapore 399718\n<br />Tel: +65 6348 0501\n<br />http://www.brawnandbrains.sg\n<br />Parking [EPS] at Old Singapore Badminton .\n<br />Opening Hours:\n<br />Tues – Fri: 9.00am – 7.00pm\n<br />Sat, Sun &amp; PH: 9.30am – 7.00pm\n<br />Closed Monday\n<br />.\n<br />Full write up :\n<br />https://samchua.com/2016/04/30/best-baked-eggs-singapore-brawns-brains/
thank God it\'s Friday 🙏🏼 @igsg #igsg #singapore #foodpornasia #burpple #setheats #eatoutsg #sgfood #foodsg #sgfoodie #singaporeeats #sgcafe #sgcafehopping #sgcafefood @cafehoppingsg  @sgcafefood @sgfoodie @singaporeeats @brawn_and_brains #coffee #coffeeart #mocha #coldbrew
Molten lava eggs indeed, the yolks are so runny that they can run a half marathon after poking them. Lol. A must try when you\'re at Brawn and Brains. \n<br />#vscocam #vscofood #instafood #foodgram #foodporn #foodsg #sgfood #cafesg #sgcafe #cafehopping #brawnandbrains #moltenlavaeggs #eggs #avocado #tomatoes #greens #run350 #igsg #sgig #burpple #singapore #latergram
Such fun time!We should do this more! 🤗🤗 #EileenWantsToCampHereForever #SgCafe #BrawnAndBrains #OnTheTable #ExSgCafes #Brunch #Eggs #Coffee
One of the #better #meals I\'ve had in some time, with #avocado and #buttonmushrooms. The #poachedeggs with #cheese was #so good. #whitesesame #blacksesame #spinach #cherrytomatoes #Burpple #lunch #Western
👍🏼 Never fails. #brawnandbrains #먹스타그램 #burpple
#latteart \n<br />#burpple \n<br />#podcult\n<br />#hobikopi \n<br />#anakkopi\n<br />#coffeelife\n<br />#instagram\n<br />#latteartist\n<br />#coffeelover \n<br />#baristadaily\n<br />#coffeeaddict \n<br />#cravenonstop\n<br />#culturadelcafe\n<br />#coffeeNquotes\n<br />#coffeeuniverse\n<br />#manmakecoffee\n<br />#thecoffeefusion\n<br />#thecoffeestation\n<br />#thetrendybarista\n<br />#alternativebrewing\n<br />#masfotokopi\n<br />#mbakfotokopi\n<br />#thetrendybarista \n<br />#video_tutorial\n<br />#trendingvideo \n<br />#coffeeandkindness\n<br />#latteartgram\n<br />#brawnandbrains
Loved the cheesy molten eggs and skillfully sliced avocado 😋👍🏼 #burpple #brunch #foodspotting #foodporn #foodstamping
crispness, cheesiness and egg runniness 10/10
Haha... #burpple\n<br />#eatoutsg \n<br />#sgfoodie \n<br />#yelpelite \n<br />#sgfoodie \n<br />#openrice \n<br />#8dayseat\n<br />#i8mondays\n<br />#sgigfoodies\n<br />#sgdining\n<br />#instafood\n<br />#tagforlikes\n<br />#followback\n<br />#instafollow\n<br />#141\n<br />#eatbooksg\n<br />#whati8today\n<br />#thefoodiehub\n<br />#igcommunity\n<br />#cravenonstop\n<br />#hungrygowhere #cafehoppingteam
#burpple\n<br />#eatoutsg \n<br />#sgfoodie \n<br />#yelpelite \n<br />#sgfoodie \n<br />#openrice \n<br />#8dayseat\n<br />#i8mondays\n<br />#sgigfoodies\n<br />#sgdining\n<br />#instafood\n<br />#tagforlikes\n<br />#followback\n<br />#instafollow\n<br />#141\n<br />#eatbooksg\n<br />#whati8today\n<br />#thefoodiehub\n<br />#igcommunity\n<br />#cravenonstop\n<br />#hungrygowhere \n<br />#cafehoppingteam
Wow! Great first impression. \n<br />Cosy cafe with home baked pastries and coffee beans roasted in house. \n<br />Ordered a Grilled Chicken with Avocado served on brioche. It was Yummy! 😋
#latteart \n<br />#burpple \n<br />#podcult\n<br />#hobikopi \n<br />#anakkopi\n<br />#coffeelife\n<br />#instagram\n<br />#latteartist\n<br />#coffeelover \n<br />#baristadaily\n<br />#coffeeaddict \n<br />#cravenonstop\n<br />#culturadelcafe\n<br />#coffeeNquotes\n<br />#coffeeuniverse\n<br />#manmakecoffee\n<br />#thecoffeefusion\n<br />#thecoffeestation\n<br />#thetrendybarista\n<br />#alternativebrewing\n<br />#masfotokopi\n<br />#mbakfotokopi\n<br />#thetrendybarista \n<br />#video_tutorial\n<br />#trendingvideo\n<br />#brawn_and_brains
#latteart \n<br />#burpple \n<br />#podcult\n<br />#hobikopi \n<br />#anakkopi\n<br />#coffeelife\n<br />#instagram\n<br />#latteartist\n<br />#coffeelover \n<br />#baristadaily\n<br />#coffeeaddict \n<br />#cravenonstop\n<br />#culturadelcafe\n<br />#coffeeNquotes\n<br />#coffeeuniverse\n<br />#manmakecoffee\n<br />#thecoffeefusion\n<br />#thecoffeestation\n<br />#thetrendybarista\n<br />#alternativebrewing\n<br />#masfotokopi\n<br />#mbakfotokopi\n<br />#thetrendybarista \n<br />#video_tutorial\n<br />#trendingvideo\n<br />#brawn_and_brains
.\n<br />Sundays should be done right with a hearty brunch of runny eggs, and an occasional pair of sexy legs.
[$10.90]\n<br />Nice lor. #howtonotbefat #burpple
👍🏻\n<br />#howtonotbefat #burpple
Finally got to try @brawn_and_brains coffee. And I\'ve got to say that it\'s really pretty good. It\'s a nice place to be in but due to long tables, it\'s difficult to sit there for a long time or get work done. Really would love it if they had more individual tables. All in all a good place for good coffee and the service is done with a smile too. Which is always a plus point. #brawnandbrains #coffee #coffeebean #latte #iced #icedlatte #icedcoffee #cafe #cafesg #cafehopping #cafehoppingsg
@brawn_and_brains #latte #icedlatte #iced #icedcoffee #coffee #cafe #cafesg #cafehopping #cafehoppingsg
#burpplesg #burpple #brawnandbrains #coffee #capuccino #sgcafe #cafesg #instacoffee #BurppleTastemaker
Too good!
super yummeh!
#veronicaphuaeats #brawnandbrains #burpplesg #burpple #smokedsalmonandavocado #sandwich #whati8today #instafoodsg #sgcafe #cafesg #sgfoodies #BurppleTastemaker
Rather hard to find but worth the trouble because food is very very delicious! Perfectly seasoned chicken sandwiched between ultra crispy wraps!!! Coffee was great too :  ) 
The right way to start a weekend! #brawnandbrains #sgfood #igfood #instafood #sgbrunch #baconandeggs #burpple #eggsofinstagram #eggstagram #preworkout
#BrawnandBrains. #veronicaphuaeats #brawnandbrains #burpplesg #burpple #sgcafe #cafesg #whati8today #instafoodsg #sgfoodies #sgeats #sgfood #BurppleTastemaker
And the iced mocha is 😍 •\n<br />除夕快樂！對等了我一個多鐘頭的他實在有些抱歉但是能讓我早起要很榮幸了啦🙈🙉🙊 這裏的可頌真的超贊！😍
*ahem* 😒😒 A very insightful meet up!!cant wait for the next one already!💃🏻\n<br />.\n<br />|\n<br />Oven-baked molten eggs on tortilla and melted cheese. The food option here with the lowest carb count. I shall remember to add more bacon and more cheese the next time! #EileenWantsToCampHereForever #Burpple #Flatlay #Sgcafe #Egg #CafeHop #Cafehoppingsg #ExploreSingapore #ExSgCafes
$12.90
$9.50
They were all filling and nutritious too (if you don\'t eat the chips)! 😋👍
Then again, it\'s the most wonderful time of the year!
We had the best curried chicken wrap here too!
Love their croissants &amp; wraps 😍
But a Flat White with the house Pen &amp; Pencil blend could easily be contenting still!
This place always give off a relaxing and comforting vibe, from the ambience, food to service. 
😂😅😱 #EileenWantsToCampHereForever #SgCafe #CafehoppingSg #Burpple #Exsgcafe #ExploreSingapore #Coffeeart #Cuppa #Brunch #Pastry
Have a great week everyone! #manmakecoffee
Yawn 😴😴 #brawnnbrains #brawnandbrains #coffeeholic #burpplesg #burpple
My love.. My darling.. I hunger for.. Your taste..
#君峻表 #ジュンの食日記 #burpple
The curry chicken wrap was more like a taco, but the perfect blend of spicy and tasty that went well with the refreshing iced white coffee. Definitely need to come back for the earl grey desserts (which I forgot to da bao lol) 😸 #ngiamyeats  #burpple #burpplesg \n<br />#topdown #tablesituation #onthetableproject #whati8today #8dayseats #foodpics #foodporn #instafood #exploresingapore #exsgcafes #sgcafefood #goodfoodeveryday #cafehoppingsg #minimalmood #tflers #tagsforlikes #brawnandbrains #sgcafes #20likes
The curry chicken wrap was more like a taco, but the perfect blend of spicy and tasty that went well with the refreshing iced white coffee. Definitely need to come back for the earl grey desserts (which I forgot to da bao lol) 😸 #ngiamyeats  #burpple #burpplesg \n<br />#topdown #tablesituation #onthetableproject #whati8today #8dayseats #foodpics #foodporn #instafood #exploresingapore #exsgcafes #sgcafefood #goodfoodeveryday #cafehoppingsg #minimalmood #tflers #tagsforlikes #brawnandbrains #sgcafes #20likes
like! #sgfoodie #burpple #sgeats #cafehopping
Thank you Mervin for the pour! 😁 \n<br />#aroundwithamd #Burpple #brawnandbrains
#brawnandbrains #aroundwithamd #Burpple
Described as a \"Finnish Cinnamon Bread\", the bread was very similar to a sticky cinnamon bun but wayyyy larger. It\'s a very doughy, chewy bread that\'s speckled with cinnamon powder and sticky cinnamon within the core. Very compatible with a cup of Flat White at hand.
#veronicaphuaeats #brawnandbrains #burpple #croissants #sgcafe #cafesg #whati8today #BurppleTastemaker
#burpple #brawnandbrains
🎉🎉🎉
Happy Monday all!
You know, by just being present. And yes, some croissants n a cup of coffee won\'t hurt too. 😁✌️#EileenWantsToCampHereForever #exsgcafes #ExploreSingapore #burpple #brawnandbrains #SgCafe #Cafehoppingsg #chasinglight #chasingshadows
My favorite is still the one from @carpenterncook! This one was a close second! Mmm.
☺️ &amp; found a new friend HOR 😉
Great food, not so great coffee 😂
Was around the hood, so I\'m glad to be back here again! ;) #coffee #cafesg #burpple #latte #caffeine
Thanks for the awesome pic. Lovin\' the new space of #Brawn &amp;Brains #coffee #cafe #cafesg #burpple #latte #caffeine
Different mood today. On course for 2days.
No gst no service charge. #cafesg #cafehop #cafehoppingsg #igcafe #instacafe #igsg #burpple
☕️🍞 Good morning!
Bright and airy space
#burpple #brawnandbrains #sgcafe #cafesg #burppletastemaker
#veronicaphuaeats #brawnandbrains #burpple #sgcafe #cafesg #whatI8today #sgeats #burppletastemaker
// Happy Hump Day, the week is ending soon.
Strong, strong brews - beware the double ristrettos
#throwback#potd#instafood#cafehopsg#cafehopping#brawnandbrains#burpple#eatoutsg#vscocam#foodporn
Coffee- and watermarks - not for the faint of heart
They make cappuccino the traditional style, with thick foam and no latte art. I got the single origin but felt that it\'s a little too bitter. I prefer coffee that\'s more acidic though.
Is this just me or an age thing? 😱😳 Good morning folks! 💐🌷🌹🌻 #EileenWantsToCampHereForever #EileenActArtisticShot #Hobikopi #ManMadeCoffee #Flowers #BrawnAndBrains #Burpple #CafeHoppingSG #SgCafe
Lovely space and coffee (bit strong tho)
Ditched wandering to search for this. \n<br />#beatricewandertales #thefeedfeed  #vscofood #burpple #openricesg #f52grams\n<br />#onthetable #hungrygowhere #foodstagram #eatoutsg #foodporn #foodie #foodgasm #tagsforlikes #singapore #igsg #sgig #foodpics #foodphotography #brawnandbrains #coffee #cofferun #latte #latteart
😍😍 Can\'t wait for the new BnB to be up and running! Thank you @lunchwithmerv for the awesome coffee today!! #EileenWantsToCampHereForever #CafeHoppingSg #SgCafe #Breakfast #Coffee #Cuppa #Burpple #BurppleTasteMaker
The baristas here roast their own coffee beans and with the blend of Columbian Supremo and Sumatra Lintong, their Flat White ($3.50) is rich, mild fruity, has a smokey flavour with an acidic aftertaste. \n<br />#foodart #makan #burpple #burppletastemaker #eat #foodporn #sgfoodporn #foodphoto #sgfoodies #foodstagram #foodphotography #instafoodsg #instafood_sg #instasg #vscocam #vscofood #sgfood #foodsg #singaporefood #singapore #sgfoodporn #sgig #igsg #pickatsg #openricesg #8dayseat #eatoutsg #hungrygowhere #whati8today #brawnandbrains #cafehopping
Thanks, you have a great day too! #singaporecafes #cafehopsg #coffee #cafe #coffeeplace #coffeegeek #coffeelover #cafejunkie #instacoffee #coffeeaddict #coffeeholic #coffeelove #ilovecoffee #latte #latteart #burpple
😒😏😊 Have a good Saturday everyone!🙆🙆 #EileenWantsToCampHere #CoffeeArt #ChasingShadows #ChasingLight #Coffee #LatteArt #Latte #SgCafe
TSK. Why ah. 😒😅 One of my favourite cafe in the East!😍😘 #IWantToCampHere #OngsLaiJiak #CafehoppingSG #SgCafe #Cafehop #instasg4te #TINlicious #FoodVsco
#brawnandbrains #latte #cafehoppingsg #latergram #sgcafe #cafesg #burpple
#brawnandbrains #cafehoppingsg #breakfast #bananabread #sgcafe #cafesg #instafoodsg #sgfood #burpple
Despite the poor burnt coffee and sugary sweet croissant. I must say that the session was priceless. \n<br />Who are we going to take out next? Stay tuned to find out!
Very pleasant service and the lemon tart was the highlight! Definitely better than what I tasted at carpenter and cook. I guess the difference is that they stored the tarts in the fridge as compared to other cafés who typically put it on display .
Exciting stuff coming ahead!!can\'t wait! 🙆🙆 #godisgood
Looks like ikea decoration 😂
#brawnandbrains #latte #coffee #burrple #whati8today #latteart #croissant #sgcafehopping #sgig #igsg #instafood_sg #sgcafefood #sgcafe #tgif #sgfoodies #instafood #foodstagram
so near my workplace! #sgcafe #sgfood #cafe #makan #lunch #yumz #burpple
☀️☀️
Great people great food and drinks! \n<br />#burpple #brawn_and_brains #brawnnbrains #croissant #cafesg
Really no frill mocha. Good and simple! \n<br />#burpple #brawn_and_brains #brawnnbrains #mocha #mochaart #cafesg
Nice and strong! See that crema on top?! #burpple #brawn_and_brains #brawnnbrains #longblackcoffee #cafesg
Small little cost place! Friendly crew! Love this place! \n<br />#burpple #brawnnbrains #brawn_and_brains #cafesg
You can actually get a cup of full-bodied flat white for just $3.50 here! (Mocha, if you are wondering, is just $3.80!) All prices stated are nett! :)
Good thing the cafe was not that crowded yet. 😂😅 Thank you for the wonderful #coffee as always!
Good #morning everyone!
#tgif #brawnandbrains #brawnandbrainscafe #cafehoppingsg #cafehopping #burpple
Had a mocha ($3.80) and a yoghurt croissant with roasted pistachios ($3.60) for $7.40. Really nice place to chill although it really depends on your luck to get a seat because its a really small place tucked away between HDB blocks. They only have about 
drugging in process 😁☕️ #coffeeholic #cafehopping #flatwhite #cafe #coffeebreak #coffeedose
*P.S - Huge love for this shot!😍😍My favouritest picture of all!Thank you @a1oh for the awesome picture!
Brought @cuisineparadise to try the Peru beans.
💖
Balanced cuppa
😴☕️@brawnsandbrains  #latte #coffee #brawnsandbrains #coffeebreak
#coffeetime #coffeedose #coffeeaddict #cafesg #sgcafe #cafehopping #break #time #teatime #coffee  #brawnsandbrains
Flaky croissant with lime zest sugar glaze!
Up on www.ms-skinnyfat.com #sgcafes #sgblog #sgfoodreview
Interesting combination.
#rich #lowacidic #Sumatra #coffee #beans #cafe #latte in the evening.. :)
yesterday\'s pretty mocha! #coffee #mocha #coffeeaddict #cafe #igsg #sgig #sgfoodies #instadaily  #instagood #pretty
#coffee
Cozy #Coffee place they grind your choice of two different beans to order #cafehopping #Singapore
Oh yes, one more thing... I know tea and coffee don\'t mix well. It\'s usually one or the other. But never leave this coffee joint without trying a slice of their tea-licious Earl Grey cake. So get off your coffee high-horse and enjoy one. | #food #cake #teacake #cafe #vscocam #vscocafe #vscofood #dessert
What\'s not to like about this skinny pizza, loaded with tomatoes (both fresh and sundried kind), mushrooms, rocket and shavings of Parmesan? I see @eamesboy has mastered this recipe very well 😁 | #pizza #food #vscocam #vscocafe #vscofood #cafe
Three cups of coffee made lovingly by one of my fave neighbourhood cafés around. Glad to be stationed on the island with no travel plans in sight (yet) for the month. Gonna spend it wisely on honest places which I love, just like this one. Thanks @gwenwhite for making our weekend more perky. | #coffee #cafe #colors #vscocam #vscocoffee #vscocafe
earlier today 😊 hearty breakfast #food #instafood #foodstagram #sgfoodies #foodies #igsg #sgig #instadaily #instagood #brunch #cafe #breakfast
Iced latte and cafe #latte #coffee #caffeinekick #caffeine We chose e more robust one fr Sumatra/ Columbia.. They hv a caramelish one fr El Salvador as well. Nice quiet place... Would come here w a book. But seats not so comfy
Vanilla Cranberry Cake // smoked salmon and bacon sandwich // flat white 
doesn\'t the latte art look like an adorable coffee bean plant? 🌱 #coffee #latte #instadaily #instagood #instafood #sgfoodies #foodies #flatwhite #latteart #cafe #sgig #igsg
Organic Blend #Latte: Peru, Honduras &amp; Mexico. #coffeeporn #coffee
The signature Earl Grey Cake. #love #latergram
Back for more! 
Earl Grey slice #tea time
It was #flatwhite #coffee and #beef #pastrami #sandwich for #lunch @ #brawnandbrains #igdaily #igsg #foodie #foodgasm #foodporn #instagramsg #instafood #instadaily #instacoffee #coffeeporn
thanks @eamesboy @gwenwhite! life\'s pure joy with u guys around the block! #caffeinefix #foodie #nom #latergram #nofilter
Hide away. #cafe #sg
Bacon, molten egg, rockets, cheese open sandwich
Much needed coffee fix @ Brawn and Brains cafe
#loves #weekend #brawn&amp;brains #cafe #sg #boyfriend
Earl Grey Cake #instasg  #sgigfoodies #singaporefood  #singapore #nomnomnom #yum #foodie #onlyinsg #lifeisdeliciousinsingapore #brawnandbrains
Latte #instasg  #sgigfoodies #singaporefood  #singapore #nomnomnom #yum #foodie #onlyinsg #lifeisdeliciousinsingapore #brawnandbrains
Cappuccino #instasg  #sgigfoodies #singaporefood  #singapore #nomnomnom #yum #foodie #onlyinsg #lifeisdeliciousinsingapore #brawnandbrains
Nice coffee! #instasg  #sgigfoodies #singaporefood  #singapore #nomnomnom #yum #foodie #onlyinsg #lifeisdeliciousinsingapore #brawnandbrains
iced #latte after a good climb! #coffee #instamood #instagood #cafe #weekend #chilling #instafood #foodstagram #food #foodpic #singapore #sgfoodies
For a relaxed, no-frills #afternoon #caffeinekick 😉 #earlgreycake #redvelvet #sweettreats #instamood #instadaily #sgig #igsg #sgcafes #vsco #vscocam #vscogram #vscocollections #vscophile #foodgasm #sharefood #photooftheday #foodphotography #vscofeature #foodporn #vscofood
