Didn\'t know frozen crabs can be bought home, microwave between 5-15mins and all ready to eat! \n<br />This is the 1st in Singapore microwave ready-to-eat crab. 
Pardon my poor Chinese, but this is one of our favorite dishes of the night from @houseofseafood!
Singapore\'s 1st microwave ready crab. Buy the frozen crab and microwave it for 5 - 15 mins and you\'ll be ready to feast! Fast and easy, especially for Chinese New Year / reunion dinner!
One of the better dishes tonight. Thank you @eatwithroy for the invitation to this tasting session!! 😉
YOU CAN GET YOUR INSTANT CRABS IN JUST 5 MINUTES USING THE MICROWAVE! At just $52 per box! CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?! Thanks for the invite @eatwithroy and House of Seafood!
Their restaurant speciality is their black pepper crab. They are very generous with their black pepper sauce. The sauce is thick and you don\'t get to see bit of pepper in it. That\'s how fine their black pepper suace is. It is spicy and smooth! It\'s totally worth my try. I will try their chilli crab on my next visit.
My another favourite! Smells wonderful, tasted too good! The butter is superb! 》$20
This way of cooking metod is something that I have never tried. The french beans I usually eat tends to have gravy around. It is something different for me to try. These are dry (no gravy) and crunchy with dried shimps around it. I would say that this is good to try but I would try other vegetables on my next visit 》$10
We didn\'t want to have plain rice and their staff recommended this to us. Tasted average to me. It\'s kind of bland and I don\'t get to taste the XO sauce. The tables around us each have one of this dish on their table. Perhaps it\'s just me who doesn\'t know how to appreciate this 》$12
Happy Mother\'s Day to all the mothers! 💐🌸🌹
Beautifully coated with black sauce and hot oil. Meat glistens like a coat of sequins. Wonderfully paired with steaming hot fluffy white rice. A hint smell of sesame oil rises up in the air. It was like food perfume that seduces and entices the palate to savour the delicate and melty meat.\n<br />🔸🔸\n<br />So tantalisingly salivating delicious !! #venison #meatlovers #hungrygowhere #burpple #8dayseat #stfoodtrending #sgfoodies #sgbloggers #sgig #instafoodsg #instafollow #discoversg #eatbooksg #igfoodies #igfollowers #singaporefood
So apt to have this one humongous black pepper Sri Lankan crab.\n<br />◾◾\n<br />Crab was literally smothered with thick creamy black pepper. A lick on the \"sauce\", it did not seem peppery hot. After afew more finger licking motions, my palate began feeling the tingling heat sensations and got more intense after. Flesh in itself was so firm and chunky.\n<br />◾◾\n<br />So yes.. I enjoyed my crab. With the new year coming soon, a new resolution was made whilst demolishing the gianomous claw. \n<br />Have you made your resolution yet? \n<br />#dinner #seafoodlovers #hungrygowhere #8dayseat #burpple #stfoodtrending #sgfoodies #sgbloggers #sgig #instafoodsg #instafollow #eatbooksg #discoversg #houseofseafood
Super generous amount of sauce, love it! 
For authentic Singapore taste, come House of Seafood. They definitely know how to cook it the Singapore way.
Frequent visitor of House of Seafood and I have to say that their dishes were consistently good. When the crabs are pricier, I will come every once a month, when it is a little less pricy, I will come every twice to thrice a month cos it is worth the money spent.
Best innovation for the lazy goes to House of seafood vacuum packed crabs!!! Taste as great or even better than eating at House of seafood. LOVE IT LOTS!
Staff are friendly, helpful and knowledgeable about their food. Local delicacies, taste authentic and have the \'Singapore taste\'. I always order the steam crab with a jug of beer cos it is my all time favourite.
Only got to know about the taka food fest on the last day when i saw it on facebook. It was a pity. But i was glad that i did not realize it at the last minute of the last day. The crabs were delicious and cheap and i got free mantous!
Delicious crispy chicken. This is really one innovative restaurant
Staff were attentive to customers, they were also quick. What I like best is their fast service and excellent food! No wonder people who came to House of Seafood would recommend this restaurant. They have definitely live up to its name!
First time going to House of Seafood for dinner.  Enjoyable farewell dinner with colleagues, the food was great, especially the chili crab and crispy beancurd. I will bring my family here for a meal next time as the salted egg crab and 3 egg veggie dish tempted me.
One of the best restaurants that i have visited ever. Seafood are fresh and delicious. I love the steamed and with black pepper crab the most. For dessert my favourite is the logan with sea coconut. Decoration could have more but the environment was good, relaxing and calming.
Not complicated at all, very straightforward! Only need 10 minutes and the crab is ready. Recommend to those who like to order delivery and those who are very lazy like me. HAHA! Taste the same which I have ate before at House of Seafood’s punggol outlet.
Many flavours of crab to choose from! Over 10 different flavours of crab to choose from but in the end still choose their black pepper crab and salted egg crab which my friends have recommended me. It is a must try out place especially for family-gathering or friends gathering!
Had been wanting to try their seafood tower for quite some time and finally went yesterday. It was quite packed but the food was worth the wait
Nice location and place for a change, away from town. Staff were prompt and friendly. They will ask if we would like to have our plates changed after the crabs
We went to this restaurant last week and the staff has given us a choice to choose to sit inside or outside the restaurant. Looking at such a good weather, we decided to sit outside to enjoy the breeze and scenery.  Of course we ordered their signature dish, chilli crab. N of course it taste great so I would like to recommend to people who like chilli crab.
Finally tried the first ever seafood tower to be introduced into Singapore! It has 7 types of seafood - it was all indescribly awesome! The last tier was the seafood base. All the essence  of the seafood was dripped into the soup base, it was swwweeeeeet! ordered extra crabs to put in the seafood tower cos their crab is super meaty and juicy (too good) TOTALLY SATISFIED! Ordered mee goreng and some other dishes too. Nothing more to ask for. It\'s a pity that the soup base was the last as we were too full to finish it.
Location is a bit inconvenient but when there is good food there then it doesn’t matter anymore. Their Korean seafood tower is the best, different layers of seafood stacked up and the soup at the bottom really impressed me! Though it may be a bit expensive but the food and service there definitely worth the price!
Big and fat drunken prawns, tender bee hoon crab soup,  well done scallop with asparagus, tender and soft fish and perfect combination 3egg veggie dish. I love the outdoor seating with seabreeze and sound of waves, the experience just enhance the atmosphere of the seafood dinner. The only thing to improve on is probably to send the staff for some english lessons.
U definitely can’t miss their chilli crab. The crab was very fresh and smells very fragrant and taste delicious! Definitely must try out their fried bun with the sauce!
Although the picture is not very clear but looking at the picture alone makes me crave for it already.. can i have it now?
Yay! Black pepper crab my favourite! Very mouth-watering! Reasonable price with great ambience. Highly recommended by ME!
Total of 9 sauces for the seafood tower for you to mix👍 aweesomee!  Can taste the sweetness of the ocean in a pot
Had my first Korean seafood tower with my family members for dinner last week. Great service and seafood was fresh. Though it may be a bit expensive for me but worth trying out their seafood tower.
Stacked up with different variety of seafood choice. Delicious and fresh! I personally will recommend their Korean seafood tower to all seafood lovers and those who want to enjoy good fresh! Very suitable for friend gatherings and events!
Always and only come here for their seafood tower as they have the freshest ingredient and they claim themselves to be the first seafood tower in town. People always say the first is always the best, and somehow they are true. They call it the seafood tower, i call it the tower of happiness.
Saw this Facebook post about Korean seafood tower so decided to give it a try. Have never heard about it before so were a bit curious. Totally satisfied as the seafood was very juicy and flavorable!
Let the picture do the talking
House of Seafood never fails to impress me with their salted egg crab, my favourite dish at House of Seafood. The meat was very tender and juicy, not overcooked or uncooked. Going to recommend this dish to all my friends! Not to mention, this dish serve well with either crispy buns or steam buns!
Creative and innovative. Always having new ideas to attract customers. Have the crab hats, mascots, house of seafood boards to take photo with.
Worth every penny! It may be a bit expensive for me as I am a fresh graduate which just started working. However it definitely worth the price! Looking forward my next visit already, just remember to make a reservation to avoid waiting!
I personally love their steamed crab the most as you can taste the sweetness of the crab
Their chili crab is the best. Probably better than black pepper crab
In my opinion, the taste and right balance of flavor near to perfect for their black pepper crab. No wonder it was voted as the best black pepper crab in Singapore GOOD! Crabs were juicy and full of meats!
First time I have heard and tried their volcano chicken, quite interesting and fascinating. The meat was very crispy but the meat was not rough at all, especially the chicken beast part very tender, dip in the sauce perfect!
Love their seafood tower. Fresh and unique, totally different from what I have tried before. Something new and fascinating just by looking at the photos, different tiers stacked up and the bottom was the soup with all the essence of the seafood. Good!
Delicious! Looking at it makes me hungry. Tender and chewy. Cooked just right:)
Crab was very fresh and juicy. At a reasonable price too! I would also recommended their lychee sweet and sour pork which was one of my favourite too, other than their salted egg crab, black pepper crab and chilli crab you can also try out their claypot crab! Thumbs up
Interesting name and concept. The whole chicken was on fire and the flame slowly disappear and returning a whole chicken. I was stunned, Wow! It taste not bad too
Korean seafood tower superb! There is a variety of sauce to dip in however, I prefer not adding any sauce to it as you can taste how fresh and sweet their seafood were. Original taste GOOOOD!
Love this place! Food was really good. My friend and I ordered black pepper crab, lychee sweet and sour pork and baby green cabbage. Portion just nice for the two of us (maybe because we eat a lot). Everything was truly outstanding. Will definitely go back for amazing food and crabs and hope that next time I can choose to sit outside the restaurant to enjoy the beautiful scenery while eating.
I really like way they place the lobster, it makes it look very artsy. It not only looks appetizin, it is really appetizing
My first time trying out their microwave crab and it taste really very similar to the one I have tried out at their punggol outlet, very similar and luscious. Quality never compromised, it is really true!
Whenever i am going overseas more than a week, i will definitely buy and bring it along with me. I could not live without singapore food
Salted egg crab the best! First time I have tried something that really suit my flavor! Strong flavor that goes best with a bowl of rice! On top of that, great ambience if you took the outside seats! Highly recommended to take the outside seats however, do remember to make a reservation beforehand.
Interesting concept. Saw hos facebook which has this video of the volcano chicken. It caught my attention. When down to his just to try out their volcano chicken. Surprisingly, it taste pretty good
The service is superb. With 6 person talking at the same time, I must really praise one of their female staff for handling the situation well. As different people have different opinions and preferences, the female staff who was taking orders for us was very patience and polite even though we decided on this dish and cancel it 5 seconds later. She was always with a smile and very friendly in recommending some of their signature dishes to us. Really hope to encounter such great service for my next visit there!
The chilli crab sauce was awesomely balance, not too sweet and just a hint of chilli not too spicy. It was also my first time having their bee hoon crab soup, broth was extremely tasty. Love it! The soup contain all the essence of the crab, ginger and the milky finish was also very refreshing!
Give you 2 thumbs up for the great service! Very helpful, courteous, professional, polite and attentive to all our needs. Great place for family bonding session! Besides that, their chilli crab was also daebak! Good quality food that worth the second visit!
Went to a place claming that they provide the top quality of crabs. And to actually lived up to their name. I can actually feel the crab dancing in my mouth
Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside is what i would describe about this dish. Good for all age. The other dishes we ordered were fairly good too. However, there is room for improvement in their communication especially to cater to english speaking customers
Hope to encounter such great service again! Very attentive and helpful! Only complaint would be that they can’t really speak English. The seafood was very tasty, very rich flavor which goes well with the rice and it really suit my very picky taste bud. Definitely coming back for more especially for their seafood tower and hopefully I can encounter such great service again!
Having been cracking my head to decide a venue for my father’s birthday dinner. He is a very traditional person who only prefer Chinese cuisine and seafood, a very picky person. So we came to House of Seafood which my friend’s brother recommended and he also told us to make a reservation before going to avoid dinner crowd. Luckily we did made a reservation beforehand, because we went around 7.30pm and there was a long queue outside! WA! Although it was very crowded, I am still very satisfied with the high quality standard! Food was also very tasty which suit my father’s taste. To conclude, it was a memorable dinner experience at House of Seafood.
Crab has always been on my favourite food list. Brought my family members to House of Seafood for lunch as one of their best would be their chilli crab! The meat was very well-cooked as it comes off very easily! Great job in choosing and dealing with the crab! Recommend to all crab lovers!
Hos is in trend. Its salted egg crab is superb!
Love this tang hoon scallop w some other spices. Great combination and very flavorful
I felt satisfied as some of the dishes were really gratifying. Their black pepper crab was really good as I am a crab fanatic. Service was good, very attentive and helpful. Next time I would bring my peers along as I felt this this place would be a great place for friends-gathering.
It really live up to its name. You can drool by the looks of it. The crab is well seasoned and has very rich papper taste
Korean seafood tower is my favorite! Able to enjoy 7 types of seafood at once is really a huge blessing. And the soup base is well falvored with the essence of the ingredients.
I was served by their manager and I told him that we were craving for seafood. He recommended the chilli crab and salted egg crab I took his recommendation and ordered those dishes. Both dishes were cooked perfection which was very tasty, not to mention the portion, over flowing with ingredients! Great experience!
My wife and i went there specially for this. Couldnt forget the taste after eating it for the first time. However this is only enough for 1, a little small
People had log cakes and turkeys over Christmas season, I had crabs. This salted egg crab brought me over the moon. #igsgfoodies #igsg #sgig #sgfood #sgfoodies #hungrygowhere #openricesg #burpple #bitessg #tslmakan #onthetable #houseofseafood #latergram #throwback #festiveseason #saltedeggcrab #punggolsettlement #foodvsco #vscocam #sgfoodporn #foodporn #instafoodsg #xmas
Yes, the crab is staring but I waited so long for such good food I don\'t care. #igsg #sgig #openricesg #hungrygowhere #burpple #foodvsco #vscocam #bitessg #chillicrab #houseofseafood #punggolsettlement #sgfood #sgfoodies #festiveseason #postxmas #preny #onthetable #chillicrab #foodporn #sgfoodporn #happy
I love this been hoon crab soup the best. It is 3 in 1 (bee hoon + crab + soup). Best for one person\'s portion. The siup taste yummy!
This experience is one that everyone must have. Probably too good to be true. Everything nice! Dunk a mantou in the sauce, pick it up with a chop stick and savor it. Heavenly!
#houseofseafood #whateileeneats #burpple #crabs #thepunggolsettlement
50% promotion now.\n<br />#burpple #8DAYSEat #ketohloh
#houseofseafood #punggolsettlement #sgfood #seafood #whateileeneats #burpple
So, here\'s wishing everyone a Happy Valentine\'s Day! Have fun with your significant other and go grab your mum and give her a kiss on the cheek now!
Love the natural sweetness from the clams..
