Both the beef and the seafood horfun were delicious. Especially the beef horfun that had black beans, enhancing the flavors of the gravy. Pair it with an iced honey citron for a very satisfying meal! 
If the name sounds familiar; yes it\'s the same one that has other branches at Katong and Geylang which opened not long ago at Cheong Chin Nam Road. By far, my favourite dish at 旺角 is still the HK Chee Cheong Fun which comes in plenty of options (shrimp/charsiew/fried dough fritters/scallops). Silky smooth rice rolls with plump shrimp swimming in a light soy sauce for that savoury, slurpy sensation. Mm mmmmm ...
Illustrated in the menu as a bun with golden liquid flowing out, the expectations simply didn\'t translate to reality with the actual interpretation that rolled out of the kitchen. Shaped prettily like mini paus but a little flatter, there was absolutely zero action when you pull the bun open; only solid, clumped-up custard which tasted pretty similar to sweet corn custard with a dash of salted egg flavour to appease the senses. Save the calories and opt for the other dishes on the menu instead.
I remembered how good these used to be at their Katong outlet, and these ones from their new Cheong Chin Nam outlet feels a little bit short on their execution. Sure, it is still edible and not too bad, but as compared to the crisp and bouncy ones at the Katong outlet, the ones here were missing on that crusty exterior and just simply soft and mushy inside. No doubt the flavour was still decent with chunks of lapcheong inside for a savoury hint, but I would rather remember the times that they tasted so good ....
Late-night dim sum for the westies!
Been walking past this place since it opened but haven\'t had the courage to try it. The siew Mai looked different from the menu which depicts a shrimp on TOP but no worries as its really hidden inside. In fact it\'s One of the better siew mais I have tried in SG till date. And of course credits to @ablechar , my supper buddy and Xiaomi photographer\n<br />#sghawkers #burpple #burpplesg #dimsum #mongkok #sgfood #sgig
