Soooo pleased that I found this place! The duck confit hash is sublime! Hash done just right with a nice crunch to it and it\'s a nice contrast of textures with the tender duck confit. We also tried the steak &amp; eggs and crab meat linguine. The spinach and potatoes from the steak &amp; eggs were so heavenly. I didn\'t know sautéed spinach could taste this flavourful. \n<br />I\'m such a happy camper! Sunday done right! 😊 #Burpple
With white-washed walls and long wooden tables, the clean and minimalist interior of this cafe offers a bright and cheerful space for get-togethers. However, don\'t underestimate the simple look of this cafe for basic cafe food. They serve pretty good coffees that\'s smooth down the throat and a good variety of dishes with every component executed well (their eggs are excellent). 
Minimalist interiors with minimal service 🙈 Loved the tangy key lime tart ($7.50 I think?), but the coffee was quite MEH for a place which has coffee as its namesake. Still worthy to go for the sake of your Insta feed (not so much your tastebuds), if white minimalistic walls are your kinda thing.
Love the tenderness of the duck meat. The toast is crispy on the outside but still soft on the inside. The extra crispy potato hash &amp; hollandaise sauce are something we cannot miss! (SGD 19.50)
A visually appealing dish! Burger was fluffy and crisp at the same time. Pulled pork was well done. Top-up $2 to upgrade your fries to truffle fries!
There\'s actually lots of real crab rump in this salad that is so affordably priced.\n<br />🔸\n<br />This salad consists of mesclun mix, olive, cherry tomato, and haricot bean topped with free range poached egg in lemon honey mustard dressing. It\'s light and refreshing.
A lovely combo of shredded duck confit sitting on a bed of crispy rosti (potatoes). Priced at $19.50, there\'s no tax or service charge here. The bread at the side was soft &amp; fluffy and the combination of everything on this plate was a delight.
Served with parsnip purée, oven roasted mushroom, sous vide egg, Kenya beans and tomatoes. Fish was juicy with crispy skin and parsnip purée went along great with it. The egg was a bit off in the sense it felt out of place, but i I\'m glad it was there since i love eggs in most forms anyway. Would recommend this if you\'re looking for something not so heavy!
😂 Treated my bro and mum to their first cafe meal 😌 They had my fave Duck Confit Hash ($19.50) and Pulled Pork Burger ($17.50) ✨✨✨ which I highly recommend (but didn\'t take photo of 😅)! Mums go crazy for egg benedicts 🍳 The yolk was like so magical to her 😂 In photo: my/bf\'s Breakfast Platter ($22) and Salmon Mentaiko Benedict ($19.50)! #burpple #dqky
bbq pork mac and cheese (macaroni with truffle oil, parmesan, cheddar, mozarella, feta cheeses, bak kwa and ham)
Took me so long to discover this cafe that serves good food at affordable prices. This big plate of fries with chilli beef is already very good and affordable, but their truffle fries is only $8 and I heard it\'s really good!\n<br />🔸\n<br />I\'ve ordered their crab salad and bbq pork mac and cheese this time, but I\'ll be back to try more dishes here.
My dinner last night, and this is one of the best mac and cheese I\'ve had!\n<br />🔸\n<br />Oven baked gometi pasta in a pleasant blend of mozzarella, parmesan, cheddar and feta cheese that\'s smooth and delicate. What\'s best is it came with bak kwa! Yes... Our CNY bak kwa 😋😋
Matcha Pancakes. 
.Sakura Ebi Tagliolini - Egg tagliolini served with prawns, sakura ebi, kombi, prawn oil and chives. The intense prawn flavour and the eggy noodles here reminds me of fried Hokkien prawn Mee. Accompanied with crispy sakura ebi and juicy plump prawns, this makes it all the more tastier. A refined plate inspired by a classic.
I could have this for breakfast every other day wheeeeee!\n<br />8/10 🙋
While the lingering green tea bitterness was not overwhelming, these pillowy stacks did fall short from my expectations. A tad dry on its own, the pancakes were served with a base of azuki bean paste, fresh berries, ice cream and a flask of vanilla sauce which did remedy the situation. Not overly sweet, it was on a whole… pretty decent and a good fix if you are in need of some Matcha pancakes. However, I was not a fan of the red bean paste that gave an strange aftertaste.
Not ashamed to admit that I\'ve ordered the same thing every single time I\'m here, and every single time I\'m equally mind blown by the flavours on this plate. Super flavourful duck on a bed of hash topped with two poached eggs in hollandaise. See the bread? It\'s for soaking up every bit of leftover goodness on the plate.
Truffle oil infused hollandaise sauce with poached eggs 🍳 perfectly placed to bed on freshly baked bread 😋 yummaayy!
I opted the Roadster for the caramel, chocolatey &amp; nutty taste. Love it!\n<br />☕️ #burpple
The meat was tender and the pasta was al dente. My only complaint was that the sauce base tasted like stew. BUT overall, it was definitely an experience. Their coffee taste/texture/presentation is tied with the other famous roaster on the street, One Man. Definitely worth a try. $30 pp
Amazingly crisp potato hash + superbly tender and juicy duck confit + terribly sexy (and creamy) poached eggs with hollandaise. Add batons of Kenya beans for more crunch. Ok, that\'s all.
After a walk in the nature, seem so sinful to have this but can\'t resist. Oven baked gometi pasta with barbecued pork, parmesan, mozzarella, mild cheddar and feta cheese, it\'s packed with flavour. Might be too much for one to finish it alone so best to share!
Served with azuki bean paste, fresh berries, azuki ice cream and vanilla sauce. Overall decent but was slightly disappointed since I love the last three pancakes they crafted. Pancakes were slightly dry and needed more vanilla sauce but azuki ice cream was great.
It may look like a small portion but it fills you up just nicely 👍 AND it\'s not overly cheesy for those who can\'t take too much creamy-ness (as you can see from the photo, there isn\'t much sauce) The barbeque pork also adds a touch of sweetness to the dish to balance the overall savoury flavour 😋
My heart\'s grieving but let me persevere on for now 😪 #everymarkiscrucial\n<br />•\n<br />It\'s not just the name that\'s adorable, but the texture and flavour of these angelic potato pillows were so on pointtttt 😋💕! If only my pillow was just as soft ☹️..
.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />Azuki
$19.50. Served from 9am to 4pm, this version of Eggs Ben has lots of richness packed in one plate: broiche toast, smoked salmon, avocado, wilted spinach, asparagus, free range poached eggs and mentaiko sauce. If there is something I do not agree with this dish, I would say it is... my egg yolk did not run when I slash the poached egg.
Food, coffee, ambience, service everything is good here. Sometimes I am really sick of the usual cafe food - eggs Ben and more eggs Ben but at least this place served a variety of breakfast options!
Love how all the flavors combine so well together. Shredded duck leg confit , potato Rosti, free range poached eggs, mushrooms and hollandaise 👌🏼 Happy end of week soon guys! One more day ❤️
Felt that the azuki overpowered the matcha. But still quite tasty. $8
Trying out one of the cool cafes at Upper Thomson. Reviews said this is the best dish so we tried. Quite worth it for $19.50, with loads of duck meat, rosti potato, 2 poached eggs and toast. Quite delicious and filling combination!
〰 $19
My idea of a perfect breakfast includes healthy avocado, poached eggs with runny yolks, mushrooms and a toasted whole grain bread 👍🏻
What else is there to comment about this except that it was addictive? I had a Salmon Mentaiko Benedict, so I thought I wasn\'t going to finish this, but boy was I wrong. So fragrant. No overpowering flavours, yet the taste of the truffle oil, with shaved parmesan as the catalyst, permeated my pallete. I would give this one between 9 to 9.5 out of 10. 👏🏽 (Final: 9/10)
The highlight of the dish is the truffled mashed potato - a perfectly creamy and light mash, with just enough truffle oil to bring out the taste of truffle without overpowering the mash itself. The sausages and mushrooms went well with the mash, and I especially appreciated the greens which lightened an otherwise heavy-tasting meal. However, the caramelised onions were a tad disappointing as it seemed that they weren\'t cooked long enough for the sweetness of the onions to be brought out.
This creme brûlée french toast looked so good, but fell so short of expectations. After reading good reviews about this, the end result was really quite disappointing. The toast was dry, bordering on stale, while the outside was slightly burnt. 
Price: $17.50 with GST. Verdict: no no. Like the matcha pancake, this French toast failed to live up to the expectations that it created as a result of its excellent look. There are just 2 words to describe this: bland and bland. And maybe burnt. As a desert dish (and a French toast at that), one would naturally expect ones sweet tooth cravings to be satisfied, but this just left me out and dry. The toast was bland, the interior was dry, and the exterior was slightly burnt. There was also no/ hardly syrup of any kind that could possibly save the day. The small scoop of ice cream hardly cut it. Sorry pacamara but this trip turned out to be quite a disappointment. Hopefully the next change in menu would bring something better. Until then, I don\'t think I\'ll be back for desert anytime soon.
Price: $17.50 with GST. Verdict: no not really. Was having a matcha and pancake craving so what better way to satisfy that craving than this. But unfortunately, this turned out to be quite a disappointment. Although I was extremely stoked when I first saw this being brought to us (due to the excellent look of it), i became really disappointed soon after due to the taste (or lack of). Very generally speaking, this matcha pancake is simply not sweet enough. All the components are unusually bland. The azuki (i.e. Red color paste at the foreground) was not only bland but also failed to cohere with the matcha pancake; you are basically adding dry (i.e. the azuki) on dry (i.e. the pancake). The essential scoop of ice cream saved this dish a little, but there was simply way too little of that. The little cup on the left contained sweet condensed milk, but it was also not sweet enough. Given this, my poor matcha craving is sorely unsatisfied and seems like I\'ll bear with it for the moment. 
Finding decent comfy brunch places are increasingly feeling like a unicorn hunt, and I found one spot here!! Late to the Pacamara party but this made me really happy 🦄
Beautiful interior. Great for gathering. The matcha pancake looks better than it taste. $17.90 excluding GST.
I had the famous french toast which most patrons ordered. I like the bread which has great buttery taste. My kid love the toasted marshmallow. You need to like sour fruits (berries) to enjoy this but i like it as it is sour but not overly sweet like some cafe. We also took the smoked salmon egg benedict and steak and egg main course. Both were great. The poached eggs are done well with complimentary sauce. Will be back!
And mighty delish too. Two super thick triangles of eggy moist brioche, toasted then further brûléed to a crisp, served with a handful of sweet fresh berries, raspberry purée, and a scoop of creme brûlée ice cream — all for $17.50. Good for two and really worth the buck. Generous portion aside, I especially liked how brûlée-ing the toast lent to a caramelised bittersweet flavour that helped balance out the sweet ice cream. #Burpproved
Mentaiko Eggs Ben: complete with perfect molten yolks, well-toasted slices of brioche, and thick slices of smoked salmon, this makes for a pretty decent brunch item. A pity what pulled it down was the mentaiko hollandaise. The only thing mentaiko about it was the salt content; beyond that, there was nothing really outstanding about it.
We finally got our fuel and so happs the Duck Confit Hash and Pulled Pork Burger with Truffle Fries didn\'t disappoint 🍄🍗🍳🐷🍔🍟😋+ added on a bowl of the soup of the day because I wanted some comfort food and comfort it did ☺️
 The portion was HUGE. 3 huge portobello mushrooms, lotsa avacado, 2 poached eggs, toast, tomato salsa, wilted spinach-don\'t underestimate the size😂 The first egg was flowy, while the second; not so much. I guess it got cold:( (And for some reason, the yolk was really little as compared to the white? Perhaps a different range of eggs?) The avacado portion was generous, and presentation was so pretty! It was fanned out~ The toast crust was a tad too hard, but it went quite well with the other sides.
I think u need to give us loyalty card already :) Duck Confit Hash $19.50 was perfectly executed with crispy hash, free range poached eggs, shredded duck leg confit , beans and mushroom!
New on Pacamara\'s recently revised menu, the Truffle Gnocchi comes as a good deal for truffle lovers considering it costs $17.90 with quite a generous portion that is better to be shared. Cooked with a creamy Parmesan cheese sauce, the sauce itself can cause the dish to be jelak, but the whiff of truffle aroma encourages you to carry on as it perfumes the Gnocchi and cream sauce adequately — it tries to compliment than to overwhelm here. The potato gnocchi here is done quite well too; it comes with a nice bouncy chewiness inside while crusted on the exterior from a little crispness on the outside. Definitely one of the recommended dishes in their latest menu revamp.
Whilst the Potong-esque ice cream and thick paste represent the azuki faction with VJC-style flags-ahoy enthusiasm, the matcha teammates are demonstrably nonchalant, with the kitkat chunks being more milk than tea and the green stack of moist, fluffy pillows creating more expectations than it should. 3.4/5
Just take a look at the slices of truffle topping the dish paired with mushrooms and creamy parmesan cheese sauce. Feels like it\'s missing something which made it slightly on the heavier side, I suggest you share with a friend or two so you guys can go ahead and order sides like the Mid Wings ($8) or the new Creme Brûlée French Toast ($17.50).
Mentaiko sauce was very much mayonnaise and overpowered everything, brioche was quite stale tasting and bleh. The dill makes it all better though! And the presentation was on point. 
BBQ pork was tiny bits of candied bacon, quite like bah kwa. Pretty disappointing. Maybe they should rename it to better manage expectations. The cheese is everything though. Complex flavours form the mixture of mozzarella, Parmesan and feta. I didn\'t get jelat and thought the portion was pretty small. 
【azuki bean paste, fresh berries, azuki ice cream】very moist and can really taste the matcha afternote; comes with azuki ice cream, matcha kitkat, berries that are generally complimentary to the base
@pacamara_sg new revamped brunch menu has all my favorites in one dish- fluffy bread, smoked salmon, asparagus, avocado, poached eggs with mentaiko hollandaise. Couldn\'t ask for a better combi.
One of the items from the slightly revamped menu of Pacamara on the day menu, which features other interesting items such as Truffle Gnocchi (I will come back for that one day) and Matcha Pancakes; a twist to their Sticky Date Pancakes from the previous menu. The Creme Brûlée French Toast comes with Creme Brûlée Brioche Toast, Berry Compote, Fresh Berries, Hazelnuts, Marshmallows and Creme Brûlée ice-cream. Don\'t get me mistaken; I have always loved Pacamara for being able to deliver quality brunch fare and good coffee ever since their days as OZ Specialty Coffee, but the fusion items such as the Sticky Date Pancakes and this Creme Brûlée French Toast often feels too loosely linked — still delicious ignoring the fusion but often lacking on one element. The Creme Brûlée part seems rather non-existent here; the supposedly Creme Brûlée Brioche Toast carried a brilliant light fluffiness whilst toasted with crisps edges and carried a nice subtly sweet flavour for the bread but otherwise devoid of any relation with Creme Brûlée. Fresh berries and berry compote was a little bit on the sour side as it becomes a little stinging on the tastebuds after a while (it could have been the quality of the berries they have gotten though). Thankfully, everything got balanced with a good amount of sweetness from the torched marshmallows — soft, gooey and melts pillows of sweetness and the Creme Brûlée ice-cream which carried a subtle hint of torched sugar, though pretty much feels more vanilla-like. Texturally and taste-wise it\'s brilliant (apart from the berries) if one discounts the fact that it\'s supposed to come with a Creme Brûlée element, but I feel Pacamara does have to work on the flavours that they tried to recreate on a brunch dish for it more often than not lacks the element that they try intend to fuse it with.
When having time for brunch has become a luxury, you\'ve got to be a little discerning; haven\'t been here for a long time since their change of menu but Pacamara is almost, always, dependable. Duck Confit Hash ($20.90) - shredded duck leg confit that I initially thought was slightly dry turned out to be quite tender and flavourful - soaked up all the goodness from every element of the dish, especially the tasty hollandaise sauce and perfectly flowing yolk from the free-ranged poached egg dusted with togarashi. Served atop crisped potato rosti, with mushrooms, Kenya beans, and toast. Portion was really huge for me but.... I finished them all. Heh.
oven-baked gometi pasta with crab meat &amp; prawn, topped with smoked salmon
Love their duck confit with hash and eggs Benedict! Cafe allows a good amount of natural lighting to pass through too making it good for photo takings! Their truffle fries is a MUST-ORDER each time I\'m there 😊
So the gf had a little time off lessons so she decided to take me to one of my favourite cafes. And although it\'s been over a year since I\'ve last been here, I wasn\'t disappointed. Man, the food here is still so good. First time embarking on their lunch menu though; she wanted pancakes. The sticky date pancakes were amazingly delicious but could have been fluffier. The ocean Mac &amp; cheese was delicious in all it\'s glory but wished the macaroni was a little more al dente. Apart from the mains, we got to try their Yuzu tart. Love it\'s tardiness and the sour punch which was highly acceptable. The lunch had a perfect ending; iced Thai coffee. Nothing feels better than being tucked away from the busy traffic and streets with your loved ones. X.
Till now I can’t fathom why I got salad...for brunch........
📚 We had the Breakfast platter $22 and Sticky Date Pancakes $17.90 to share. The pancakes were densed yet fluffy, rather sweet for one to take actually.
Bbq Pork Mac &amp; Cheese, $18.50.\n<br />Beef Burger, $19.50 (??)\n<br />Sweet Potato Fries, $8.
French Toast ($16.90) caramelized Apple chutney, fresh mixed berries,(blueberries, blackberries, strawberries, blueberries) crushed hazelnuts w/ rum &amp; raisin ice cream . Though the toast was a tad dry, the Apple chutney and ice cream made up for it.
beautiful French toast with fresh mix of berries, yuzu tart, soup of the day bacon&amp;potato and carbonara pasta !
This whitewashed, light-filled cafe along Upper Thomson Road is perpetually buzzy, drawing in the crowds with its Instagrammable dishes and hipster vibes. Pacamara Boutique Coffee Roasters is a joint venture between Thailand\'s Pacamara Coffee and Oz Specialty Coffee, so you can expect great coffee alongside tasty food. Come with friends and start by nibbling on some Truffle Fries ($8). The menu has been revamped recently, so save space to try the amazing brunch grub like the Ocean Mac &amp; Cheese ($18.90) — oven baked pasta with chunks of crab meat and prawns, topped with smoked salmon. We also like the Duck Confit Hash ($20.90) — shredded duck leg confit on top of rosti, mushrooms, poached eggs and drizzled with hollandaise sauce. Come night time, the menu sees more proteins and pastas, like the irresistible Steak Frites ($25) with truffle hollandaise sauce. Wash it all down with a cup of Iced Thai Coffee ($6) or a bottle or two of craft beers (from $10.90). Pacamara does not take reservations so come early to avoid a long wait.
4 munchies: Shelled in a thin, buttery crust, the lemon yuzu curd was light and had smooth consistency. Loved the aromatic zest and tartness of the citrus fruits that left behind a refreshing trail on my palate. I\'d highly recommend to pair this delish treat with the nutty Roadster blend of flat white!
Ordered the sweet potato fries ($8), the wings ($8), the eggs florentine ($16.5), and the banana pancakes (no longer available). The food was incredible, and the energy of the cafe was fantastic!
Sticky Date Pancake [17.90] served with fresh bananas, cookie dough, candied pecans, salted caramel sauce and topped with salted caramel ice cream.
Served with caramelized apple chutney, fresh berries, crushed hazelnuts and a scoop of rum &amp; raisin ice cream; this fancy french toast is the perfect brunch food. Buttery and fluffy, Pacamara’s rendition is complemented well with the tangy and sweet chutney which I wiped out using the lightly crisp edges of the toast.
Steak was cooked perfectly to medium rare as requested, juicy &amp; soft w the right amount of cracked seasoning. Was initially skeptical about the truffle hollandaise sauce but was pleasantly surprised as it complimented both the meat &amp; fries! With its reasonable price of $25, I\'ll definitely come back here again 👍🏻 
A cup of familiar comfort. Low acidity. Roasty, chocolatey &amp; nutty notes w a silky texture. Perfect for those rainy days ☔️ #coffeefix 
This is my second time at Pacamara! Love their ocean MAC&amp;CHEESE and its worth trying! Together with their iced water, which has abit of an orangey taste. Nice place to enjoy alone as well!  
Flavour-wise this seemed to do fine; smooth chocolate mousse in the interior with a layer of thin, soft sponge sitting in the middle. Texturally though it was quite a flop; made to look just like a entremet, but what you get is a chocolate mousse cake that seemed to be wrapped with a thick, rubbery chocolate layer that felt like a leather jacket hugging the entire cake that rips off all the way as through to reveal the naked cake when you try to cut the cake with a fork. And that does not feel right at all.
Poached eggs on crumbled crab meat served on toasted buns. Cold brew mango tea 
Perfect lighting for taking photos too. But the only place is a bit loud for me. Not sure if it\'s because of the width of the tables but some people seem to be trying very hard to project their voices.
Personally I still find the place too crowded and noisy compared to the rustic comfort of my usual cafe at Upper Thompson, but that\'s just me.\n<br />#PacamaraSG #Coffee
The truffle fragrance was strong, and the dish arrived with a generous sprinkle of shaved parmesan. The amount of fries was surprisingly huge for $8, more than enough for a group of three! Thumbs up!
Extremely therapeutic and very good for the soul! Pacamara\'s latte is light and low on acidity so if you don\'t like your coffee too strong then head over to upp Thomson already! 
Honestly not a fan of red velvet and cream cheese but decided to give this a try anyway and it wasn\'t anything amazing : ( I have to admit the mascarpone was quite yummy but the $16 pancakes got gelat after a while :  /
Great serving of duck with rosti and poached eggs to compliment. Overall a very good dish. Think it is pretty affordable at $20.90. The toast was fluffy and sweet too.
Pacamara never disappoints - this unique, well-balanced dish ($19.90) had a great combination of refreshing flavours. There was a generous amount of shredded crab meat, eggs were beautifully poached and hollandaise sauce was not too heavy. Unfortunately, as the avocado was chilled, the crab meat got cold quite quickly too. Dining at Pacamara is always a pleasant experience not only due to their great food and cafe ambience but also because their staff are just so friendly - today they offered me some filter coffee! I don\'t usually have my coffee black but I guess I have a new-found appreciation for it now :) 
Hollandaise on the side because I\'m actually not that into it anymore. The egg yolks were more than sufficient to tie the whole dish together. Not bad, but pricey at nearly $20. After all I\'m in Thomson and not town. Pacamara is definitely one of the pricier cafes along Thomson. For this price, my ingredients were not super fresh - the avocado was not the best I\'ve had, it was a little brown. 
Toasted brioche, baked mushroom varietals, wilted spinach, avocado, and guacamole topped with shaved parmesan. Two poached egg with chive hollandaise at the side to complete the dish. A simple breakfast that\'s vegetarian friendly but not a dish I will go for again as it taste kinda blend.
One of the rare places that serves the BEST MAC &amp; CHEESE. Especially with Raw salmon! The sweet potato fries tasted really good too!!
looks don\'t deceive when it comes to this!! ocean pasta :-) a little pricey for students but maaaaan so worth. 
Not forgetting the perfect amounts on fat in these chunks! All these for just $21.50 NETT!
Been to Pacamara twice, and realised that they changed their menu during my second visit. Still loving the new menu, love the coffee, and totally loving the whole ambience of the cafe too. Staffs were very friendly :) I will definitely come back again 
💭\n<br />.\n<br />{Sticky Date Pancakes x Ocean Mac and Cheese}
Shredded duck leg confit, potato rosti, mushrooms, greens, free range poached eggs with hollandaise sauce and toast on side. Each ingredient was delicious - tender flavorful duck confit, perfectly poached eggs, crispy rosti. However, when you combine them together it might get too heavy tasting and filling! I would highly recommend this for sharing instead, or for the boyfriend who brings his girlfriend out for a brunch date! 
Fluffy stack of pancakes served with fresh bananas, cookie dough and a dusting of candied pecans. What makes this dish sing is the large scoop of salted caramel ice cream and toffee-nut-like salted caramel sauce. While we try to fathom why it is call Sticky Date when there isn\'t this flavour, we quickly polish it off.
Oh mannnn this Crab Benedict isn\'t getting enough love!! It\'s the perfect brunch food for a lazy Sunday! You need to mop up those runny egg yolks with the sweet brioche buns and top it off with some well marinated crab meat. Extremely generous portions and I think it\'s quite a healthy combination! And please don\'t get a parking ticket, park at the public car park beside the Chinese temple 👌🏻
Marinated crab rump mixed with avocado, tomato and greens on toasted brioche bun. Add a poached egg with chive hollandaise and bonito flakes on top. As you savour each bite, you\'ll be assault with richness and flavour!!
Last year was with a friend but this year with a group of friends. Happy to have @mavis.chuiteng with us in SG!
Warm sticky date pudding, served with fresh bananas, cookie dough, candid pecan nuts, salted caramel sauce with salted caramel ice cream ($17.90)
The best kind of brunch to kickstart your weekend! Filling portion and extremely value for money 😋 
This Benedict is generously filled with crab rump! You will not be disappointed with the quality of this dish! 
A goodness plate of carbonara filled with streaky bacon chunks with every mouthful! Not forgetting the Parma ham that compliment it so well! 
To experience the \"Ocean\", you\'ll find crab meat, prawn and smoked salmon in the oven baked gometi pasta. Savoury cheese and fresh seafood surprisingly goes but I still prefer the previous version of Mac &amp; Cheese. My friend beg to differ though...
@pacamara_sg is definitely a good option, except for the CRAZYYY weekend crowd!
Pasta covered in a decadent cream sauce with generous portion of smoked streaky bacon chunks and mushrooms. Add some parma ham and dusted with parmesan, you\'ll find this common dish had done uncommonly well.
My virgin visit to @pacamara_sg, I know, it took me long enough. Haha! Here\'s some dishes off their new menu:\n<br />1. Duck Confit Hash ($20.90)\n<br />2. Pork Belly ($21.50)\n<br />3. Truffle fries ($8)
$25. Gorgeous presentation, carrot purée was surprisingly good, especially paired with the asparagus and beetroot. Fish skin was nice and crispy, and I liked the crunch and sweetness the pomegranate seeds added to the dish. Highly recommend!
The sticky date pancakes were absolutely amazing: fluffy and flavorful, the cinnamon batter complemented extremely well by banana slices and caramel concoction that is the date sauce / The poached eggs were simple fare but perfectly cooked, as were the sautéed mushrooms; atop a light and soft brioche toast slice that made for easy cutting and consuming :-) Coffee is smooth and well-balanced. Not too acidic. A delight. Prices run slightly steeper than usual, but for the ambience, extensive menu and top-notch quality food, it\'s easy to see why most are willing to fork out the cash.
Spectacular dish from Pacamara\'s new menu. 
The lightly sweet chunky tomato sauce was generously spiked with chorizo, crumbled feta, olives and wilted spinach - all of those ingredients lending to a simple yet delightful dish. Topped with a single soft-boiled egg, it was delicious eaten with the crisp multigrain toast. I especially loved the accompanying prosciutto di parma! Kicked the flavours up a notch without being overly pretentious or overbearing.
Great food but slightly expensive, the Ocean Mac and Cheese wasn\'t worth  $18.90( in my opinion), though the smoked salmon was good :) The date pancakes($18+?)were sooooo delicious, topped  with a scoop of caramel ice cream and caramel drizzled all over!! Don\'t get this much just for two people unless you\'re big eaters :)
Head over heels in love with Pacamara\'s new Sticky Date Pancake! The fluffy stacks were spiced and fragrant, salted caramel ice cream was addictive, and ohmyholymama the generous topping of sliced nanas 
I expected a huge bowl of hearty mince stew when I ordered the Chili con Carne, so imagine my surprise when it came looking so dainty and...civilised. And plated what more! As with its presentation, it didn\'t have any of that heavy starchy beans nor the conventional mince. Instead, I got a light-tasting yet fantastically delicious plate of pulled pork in a sweet-savoury tomato base, layered with tortilla chips and topped with a sunnyside-up. This definitely won\'t do it for purisits; but if you don\'t mind something different this is surely with the try.
Sticky Date Pancakes\n<br />with banana slices and pecans, cookie dough chunks, and topped with a scoop of salted caramel ice-cream and salted caramel sauce.
Pacamara had did a menu revamp pretty lately, replacing all items from its old menu with a set of new items. Their pancake is now at the third version, and is served with fresh banana, cookie dough, pecan nuts, salted caramel sauce and salted caramel ice-cream. Manage your expectations well from the menu description and it should not turn disappointing; the salted caramel sauce seemed to be infused with condensed milk for a flavour to be more similar to Sticky Date, while the fresh bananas were a good addition for some natural sweetness. Pecan Nuts were lightly candied; crunchy and sweet while the ice-cream is smooth and well-flavoured. Would really want to be back to try the savoury mains that is more apt for lunch; this was satisfying but it would be interesting to see how those would fare against the higher price tag. 
The slightly sour pancakes had the fluffiness of a Holland Village pomeranian, whilst elsewhere the sugary nuts evoked strong kachang putih feels (although you must absolutely beware of random iron-hard, unbitable nuts within which may crack your teeth), and essence of banana appeared to have leached into the salted caramel sauce to most pleasing effect. 4/5
.
This gorg lemongrass ricotta hot cakes before it\'s gone - fluffy stacked hot cakes generously topped with all kinds of berries, ricotta, and a good hint of fragrant lemongrass!
$22 for a perfectly cooked salmon, but miso taste was too subtle. I loved the smooth carrot-orange purée + Apple fennel salad! Interestingly pomegranate was added to the salad with little bursts of refreshing sweetness. Also enjoyed the sweet potato fries ($8), crispy and well seasoned. Pacamara is still my favourite cafe to go to!!
Say goodbye to classic favourite Truffle Egg Benedicts and that insta-worthy Lemongrass Ricotta Pancakes 😢 (Note: they will be closing at 4pm on Tuesday!) Time is ticking, time for that last hurrah!💃
If you crave for some truffle fries! This will be just perfecto! 👍🏻
L\'Opera, Yuzu Tart, together with ice chocolate and hot mocha, at a nice ambience cafe is best way to end the night. The Yuzu Tart is super refreshing *thumbs up* \n<br />The rest were less impressed. \n<br />Cafe provides lunch and menu too. May come back for the mains ;)
Sitting on a very crisp brioche was smoked ham, sautéed spinach, perfectly poached eggs (let it flow, let it flow!) and slathered with their amazing Truffle Hollandaise sauce! Absolutely slurp-worthy!
This tasted as good as it looked. Perfectly poached eggs, topped with a delighful hollandaise sauce sit on fresh salmon pieces and a crispy bread slice. Rating: 5 / 5
Three fluffy thick pancakes drizzled with berries sauce and topped with a gazillion berries and a small moutain of ricotta cheese. For those with a sweeter tastebud could slather more golden maple syrup on it to sweeten the deal! (Please take note that they are changing their ENTIRE menu soon! So, it maybe the last few chance to savour your favourite items before its ALL GONE!) Incidentally, it\'s Pacamara\'s First birthday today! Yes, TODAY!! -  #pacamarasgturns1! Happy Birthday! And continue dishing out awesome coffee!
Coffee was 5oz- robust, not too acidic, would go back n try again! Beer was a Trappist but not as impressive as the ones in Cook&amp;Brew. Cake was dry. Cake: 2/5; pricey n not worth it ... Coffee:4.5/5, Beer: 3.5/5
For diners looking for a vegetarian option, this is definitely something worth a go. Priced at $16, the generous amounts of fresh mushrooms along with the right amount of garlic and good balance of the \"wok hay\" make this an all time favourite and you just can\'t go wrong with this. This is also a perfect option for the older folks who isn\'t too adventurous with western cuisine. Thumbs up! 👍
This is definitely a big hit for people who love all things colourful and pretty! The mix of fresh berries and berry compote makes this such a gorgeous piece of art work that even I took a while before deciding to dig my knife into it. That aside, the lemongrass blend with the soft fluffiness of the pancakes makes this a palatable experience without it being overly \"gerlat\" which is definitely a big win for me. However, for those who prefer a more savoury experience, this delectable dish at $17.50 might not be the one you\'re looking for.
Nope... I did not boost the saturation. Poached eggs were a tad overcooked. Hence almost. When compared across cafes, this is a tad overpriced! 
So my wife and I ordered the Green Tea Strawberry cold tea ($6.50) as our beverage, Pesto Cream Pasta ($16) and Truffle Benedict ($18) as our mains. The meal was diabolically satisfying for a lunch. The Green Tea Strawberry was very light with a hint of fruity after tastes, that was good for palette cleansing. The Pesto Cream pasta was huge! The mushrooms juicy and chicken done just nicely, without any indications of it being overcooked. It wasn\'t \"gelak\" as one would imagine a cream dish to be. It was just nice enough to make my mouth squishy with cream goodness, without inducing any feelings of \"wah piang too much!\" The Truffle Benedict\'s egg was perfect, but a little under. The saltiness of the ham blended nicely with the blandness of the spinach and egg. The bread had a nice butter taste to it as well. IMHO a bit pricey, but very much satisfying. Will be coming back for its delectable desserts. 
My friend pointed out that I could run away at any time with just my bag because I have everything I need in there, ie. my Macbook and camera. It\'s too true…
The fragrance of lemongrass makes an instant, impressive debut but it is quickly overshadowed by the vivacious sexiness of the mixed berry compote, a delirious combination of sweet, squirm-inducing tarty and, in the case of one particularly naughty berry, rather improper in-mouth squirtage for which it should be duly punished. 4.1/5 
I must say, cafe-hopping with a knowledgeable coffee expert is a lot of fun because I am encouraged to try new things. Before today, I never knew of the existence of a SteamPunk, let alone have a coffee produced on one. The single origin El Borbollon from El Salvador that was brewed using it, created a nuanced cuppa that had the creamy hazelnut profile shining more softly. As explained by my friend, steam is gentler than direct heat from boiling water. Which means the resulting brew I sipped on would have been quite different if it had been a hand pour.
Seen this appearing a few times on social media a lot and finally had my first try today. Coming in a stack of three, each piece comes in perfect circles that gives this dish it\'s neat aesthetic. Lemongrass flavours are evident in the dish, providing a tangy scented aroma with each piece of pancake as it had been infused into the batter. The cream cheese was light and fluffy, and the berry compote was a good combination of sour and sweet with berries that pop with every chew. I found the accompanying maple syrup pretty intriguing; not only seemed to have given the pancakes the usual sweetness that it would provide, it also enhanced the lemongrass flavours of the pancake somehow.
Highly recommend! Eggs were perfectly poached and the brioche was light and crispy, just nice for soaking up the luscious yolks. Hollandaise was flavorful but not overly rich. The truffle and ebiko tastes really shone through. 
The perfect combination of cheese and truffle. Long trail of cheese upon pulling a spoonful of macaroni with subtle burst of truffle in your mouth. It\'s heavens! 
The cafe used to be not opened on Monday. Finally it opens on Monday.
It\'s not all day breakfast! Go earlier if you\'re up for pancakes!
their truffle hollandaise sauce (more buttery than truffle-y) goes really well w that soft and fragrant brioche! and yes I have to snap a pic while the egg was mercilessly disintegrating 😂😍😛 #burpple
Blend : Roadster Blend\n<br />Flavour : Nutty, Caramel, Chocolate\n<br />Brew ratio : Double shot on 300ml cup\n<br />What I like? : Mild acidity, full body, sweet lingering aftertaste\n<br />Machine : Synesso\n<br />Price : $4
Its speciality is coffee so ordered this white 5 oz ($5) which apparently gives a more balanced taste of milk and coffee and it\'s quite nice! Not too bitter for someone who doesn\'t drink coffee like me xD Blueberry tart ($9) reminded me of egg tarts though - there were some blueberry surprise within the custard but I guess tarts may not be their specialty haha the salmon royale looks good though it\'s not pictured! xD
Pacamara Boutique was definitely a surprise! From its unique interior to its gastronomic range of food available, its definitely a must for you to visit! 
Select your favourite single origin, and watch the friendly baristas do what they know best. Coffee makes for the best conversation starter, don\'t you think? #nofilter #wewantsugar
Smooth, robust body with low acidity and bitterness make this pleasant on the palate, and tastes of roasted groundnuts, butterscotch, with hints of caramel.
The cold drip beverage has a smooth, refreshing body with low bitterness, and tastes of roasted nuts and chocolate. Love it!
Not overly sour, the sweet yuzu balances the zesty lemon curd, making it very pleasant.
It drizzled slightly in the morning so it was pretty cooling after. We had the salmon royale- free range poached eggs with smoke salmon, spinach and truffle hollandaise sauce ( we requested to change to truffle sauce) Had wished that the truffle taste was stronger but that aside, the toasted brioche was soft and buttery.  Another drool worthy dish was the salted caramel banana french toast. Seriously anything with the lethal combi of salted caramel, toast, bananas and crunchy granola can\'t go possibly wrong. It was good!
YES. This is what a proper berry covered pancake should be: fluffy, light and oozing with colour. The ricotta wasn\'t overpowering, but added the depth of texture needed to complete the dish. Pacamara is probably one of the most photogenic places to eat so Instagram junkies, whip out your cameras. 
Back at my favourite brunch spot once again and I ordered my usual, the salmon royale. The speciality of this dish is that it\'s drizzled with hollandaise sauce and bits of ebiko. Beneath the poached eggs is a generous helping of spinach which I truly appreciate because most salmon royale/eggs benedicts serve their vegetables on the side. One gripe of this dish is that the egg was too watery, as in water literally flew out from the poached eggs. Nonetheless, truly one of the best salmon royales I\'ve tasted. :\')
A very rich dessert, the Milk Chocolate Orange takes on the classic combination of chocolate and orange and giving its own twist with the use of milk chocolate. The sweetness of the milk chocolate ganache got enhanced by the chocolate sponge within, while the orange flavour cuts in before the sweetness because overwhelming for a bit of citric acidity. Interestingly, you could even feel the fibre of the orange mousse in this one.
Clockwise from top left: Truffle Eggs Benedict, Breakfast platter, Salmon Royale, Banana Walnut French Toast. Middle: Mac and Cheese. Undoubtably, my favourite dish was the Banana Walnut French Toast. Definitely a must try when you visit Pacamara!
Pleasant, smooth flavors and fruity after taste. It\'s easy to taste the difference between this and the standard iced black. What a delight!
Mmmmmm I don\'t know, truffling everything\'s just not my thing. Here the truffle overwhelmed the beautiful tangy buttery flavours of the creamy hollandaise ie. no wonderful hollandaise to soak the brioche in. The hollandaise was also over-salted when we had it.
Perfect for someone with a sweet tooth! Pillowy soft French toast doused in smooth salted caramel sauce and topped with fresh bananas and crunchy granola.
We tried the Roadster as a long black, which delivered a full-bodied chocolatey cuppa with hints of caramel and toffee. This latte we had with the Luminous blend, resulting in a light, balanced, and slightly fruitty drink. Absolutely lovely.
The eggs weren\'t as runny as I hoped though the truffle-infused hollandaise made up for it. #anythingtrufflewins
This is THE brunch item. Absolutely adored the moist and eggy brioche, which was nicely contrasted with crunchy granola. And then have all of that goodness drenched in the most luscious and buttery salted caramel sauce. I loved every bit of it. If the bananas could\'ve been a wee more solid and less mushy, it\'d be perfect.
I\'m a little split on these lemongrass-infused hotcakes. I liked how the lemongrass lent a beautiful fragrance, though I\'d have like to actually taste it in the batter. The generous topping of berries compote was also much appreciated, though it ended a wee too watery and sour for me. And while the hotcakes were cakey, thick, and fairly fluffy, I found them too chewy. I like my pancakes to soak in the sauces and syrups, and this hotcake couldn\'t. 
Salmon Royale was delicious! The Lemongrass Ricotta Hotcakes were lovely as well, I really liked how sweet the berries were! However, I didn\'t quite like the pesto because it was too overwhelming for me. The mocha wasn\'t my cup of tea either, I felt that it was a little too diluted. But that\'s fine! I would definitely come back to Pacamara again.
Brioche French Toast generously drizzled with Homemade Salted Caramel sauce, topped with slices of Bananas, crunchy granola and a dollop of whipped cream.
Served with a small pitcher of maple syrup at the side.
Avocado, feta, cherry tomatoes, arugula, guacamole on toast...I loved every single bite of this! 
Singaporean\'s Guide To Ulu Café Hopping
Didn\'t make it to One Man Coffee on time. 😞 Pacamara is way too packed and super noisy. Like everyone\'s voices are amplified. Ugghhhhh. Hard to work like this. Must get to One Man Coffee tomorrow.
The lemongrass infused ricotta hotcakes is soft and fluffy, and topped with sourish sweet mixed berry compote &amp; a small jar of maple syrup. I can\'t really taste the lemongrass in the pancakes though it might be due to the Oven Baked 5 Cheese Macaroni we had. I find myself longing for the ones at Paddy Hills which is one of the best hotcakes around.
Truffle Benedict ($18)\n<br />Chilli Beef Fries ($12)\n<br />Bitter Lemon ($5.50)\n<br />Karma Cola ($6.50)
What I need on a rainy day like today is Pacamara\'s soothing Summer Passionfruit tea. Specially brewed in a hi-tech glass tube contraption, it\'s sharp taste and light body makes for a great drink to chase down heavy meals with while keeping warm. The aftertaste was pleasant and strong enough to remind me of what I just drank, but not strong enough to be overpowering. How I wish I could have this tea right now!
While a little exorbitantly priced at $22, Pacamara\'s delightful Breakfast Platter is well worth it. Silky smooth, runny and buttery scrambled eggs is cohabiting with savory thick cut bacon, fresh, delicious smoked salmon, soft slices of avocado, crispy hash-browns and expertly sautéed mushrooms with arugula leaves and cherry tomatoes to keep the Platter from being completely decadent. It was a joy to eat and savor! Tip: Take some mushrooms and scrambled eggs, marry it to some bacon, and complete with a spot of hash brown. Thank me later, and you\'re VERY welcome.
Pacamara\'s Roadster blend is a delightful one. The mocha is subtly bitter, silky smooth and hits the right notes of sweetness. Definitely one of the best morning pick-me-ups I\'ve had. The temptation to come back and pair this coffee with one of Pacamara\'s pretty little cakes and tarts is overwhelming...
Halfway to the weekend… new adventures await. Can’t wait to revisit #PacamaraSG to try out their brunch.
This. Easily one of the best combinations i have ever had.
Located along the thomson road with its stretch of coffee shops, restuarants and cafes, we decided to hop over to pacamara for a second brunch after our first brunch at habitat coffee, since it\'s really near. Am quite a fan of this cafe and it was already my second visit there. Of course, the usual crazy weekends crowd and we had to be put on the waiting list. fortunately we didn\'t have to wait long.. the tables are benched-like (not individual separate ones) so we had to sit beside strangers. I didn\'t really mind as the food is all that I minded 😂 Ordered the same french toast again and tried one new item on their menu, which were the lemongrass hotcakes that replaced the previous red velvet pancakes. But they tasted more like fluffy pancakes instead of the usual hotcakes I\'ve eaten at 2 other cafes which had a more poundcake-like texture. Maybe they should name it pancakes instead? hmm. Items featured in the photo includes: Salted Caramel Banana French Toast $16/Salmon Royale $18/Lemongrass Ricotta Hotcakes (forgot the price😅). Total bill sums up to about $50+. Verdict: The french toast is still my favourite, egg bens was quite okay, but the hotcakes is a tad disappointing given its tempting name 😅 I would return for the french toast though! 3.80/5.0.
Or for late risers like myself.. it\'s a good thing there\'s always brunch. Choice of eggs done, poached ones came with truffle hollandaise! @pacamara_sg #breakfast #brunch #cafe #sgcafe #food #burpple
The brioche was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Eggs were perfectly poached and served with satisfying pieces of ham and some spinach. Couldn\'t really taste much truffle in the sauce but it was still great. #pacamara #pacamaracoffee #eggsbenedict #nowondersochubz #burrple
Never a fan of french toast and having breakfast all day errday. This however was kinda appropriate.
My Truffle Benedict ($18) was trufflin’ amazing. The dish should be credited to the truffle hollandaise sauce that sets itself apart to the common dish served in most cafes today. It was definitely a cut above the rest. \n<br />Full review on: http://imhaydenchan.blogspot.sg/2015/04/pacamara-boutique-coffee-roasters.html?m=1
Some of the fries were dry and some were okay, but overall it\'s a good side to go with their coffee and craft beers!
Fries were deep fried to nice crisp and you can smell and taste the truffle oil too 😋
Go healthy eating with the generous portion of avocado, rocket, tomatoes and not to forget there\'s actually poached eggs hidden under the greens.
This was formerly OZ Cafe and turned Pacamara. I realised there are a number of Pacamara coffee in other parts of the world as well but I doubt they are linked! Anyway ... Love the coffee here ... The pastries and bread are nice too! Love the minimalist concept! 
Smoked salmon eggs Ben. Really reasonably priced. Well cooked eggs, super delicious. One of a must-go places for brunch. LOVE the minimal interior, super peaceful
Housed in a stunning light-filled space, Pacamara Boutique Coffee Roasters is the venture between Thailand\'s Pacamara Coffee and Oz Specialty Coffee, so you can expect both good coffee and brunch fare. Extremely popular is the Truffle Benedict ($18): truffle hollandaise sauce blankets poached eggs, smoked ham and wilted spinach, all set atop brioche toast. The Salted Caramel Banana French Toast ($16) is another winner, think eggy, fluffy French toast doused in salted caramel sauce. Other popular dishes include the Eggs Royale ($18) and Red Velvet Pancakes ($16). 
2nd time there! I had the Red Velvet Pancakes ($16), really gorgeous! The cream cheese icing was really good and the pancakes were fluffy and flavorful. My friends had the mushroom aglio olio and cabonara, both said their pasta were good! I particularly liked their Thai iced coffee, it has an unique kick!
I can smell and taste the truffle oil in every fries unlike some other places whereby half of the plate served was normal fries. I would say, this is 👍. 
Brioche topped with loads of smoked salmon, two free range poached eggs and anchovie hollandaise sauce with bits of mentaiko mixed in. Such a lovely cafe, would be here all the time if it wasn\'t so far from my house :(
Totally lived up to its reputation. Toast was soft and generously drizzled with salted caramel sauce. I like the granola topping that was added (not many other cafes add that). Would recommend sharing this dessert. 
The mac and cheese has generous portions of mushrooms and tinge of truffle taste. I was never a fan of truffle stuff but this one was good because the \'petroleum\' smell was not overwhelming at all. Recommend sharing this because as with all mac and cheese dishes, it might get a little gelard towards the end. Salmon Royale was decent, but nothing too special.
Like the sweet savoury combi but the french toast is over soaked with the syrup. Would be better if the syrup is served separately. 
Fluffy red velvet pancakes, Truffle eggs Benedict and truffle fries. Heard bad reviews about this cafe. Decided to give it a try. And.. I really love it! One of my fav cafe to go! Do order the truffle fries - you will not regret! However, the red velvet pancakes is a tad to \'gelak\' for one pax to finish. I recommend sharing it instead ;) 
Pacamara Boutique Coffee Roasters is the joyous result of a partnership between Oz Specialty Coffee and their coffee partners in Thailand, combining well-loved Pacamara blends alongside a sizeable menu of mains and cafe food. Expect great coffee, including options like Iced Thai Coffee, to be enjoyed with brunch items like their popular Truffle Benedict, Red Velvet Pancakes and Salted Caramel Banana French Toast. For a hearty lunch, get their oven-baked Mac &amp; Cheese. With clean, white, bright interiors and dark wood tabletops, Pacamara is a great space for some chill out time with a good book.
Arguably one of the better eggs Benedict I ever had in sg.. love the smoked ham and the truffle oil infused hollandaise!
The Salted Caramel Banana French Toast ($16) turned traditional breakfast into a really yummy dessert. Served with caramelized bananas, this is definitely for sweet tooth.
The eggs benedicts were all great and tasted so good. The salted caramel banana french toast was my fav out of all the 3 great dishes as the caramel sauce was delicious and not cloyingly sweet. The thai iced milk tea was a great drink too, being sweeter than normal coffee.
The pesto chicken pasta ($16++) was a delight! Very unlike the coffee, the pasta ordered by my friend gave me a very good first pesto experience, although she said it could get a little overwhelming (jelat).
It was my first time having red velvet pancakes ($16++) and although it wasn\'t amazing, I was still in awe! The cream cheese was very generously given and the pancakes were of a beautiful red. But the pancakes could have been fluffier.
Truffle hollandaise sauce is absolutely a brilliant rendition to serve on the poached egg, bread was a little too crunchy but the hollandaise just made everything right. Texture of the red velvet pancake and the cream cheese somehow dont compliment each other. But.... talking about coffee, they have really excellent coffee. I had two cups straight for myself🙊
Yes please! One of the better Benedict that I have had recently.
This $18 mac n cheese was super yummy I devoured the whole thing and no it did not get gelat!!!! Honestly couldn\'t differentiate the different cheese BUT WHO CARES haha $8 truffle fries were crispy and not too thick just the way I like it :  )
Pacarama Boutique Coffee Roasters; which was previously known as Oz Speciality.
Great combination of flavors, awesome everything (truffle hollandaise sauce, eggs, ham, poached spinach &amp; brioche bread). Very lovely brunch 😍
Absolutely love this rich peach juice 😍, a tad pricey at $9 a bottle but soooo yums! 
Delicious toast! I love the coffee bar lab concept where you can interact with thr barristas too. Yes i had more coffee.
Supplied from The Bread Table. This sticky cinnamon bun is nothing but sinful indulgence, with each swirl tightly packed and stuck to each other in caramel sweetness well spiced with cinnamon. Each bite not only brings out that thick sweetness and spiced flavour! Great to pair with a cuppa.
One of my new favorite place because it is near my house and it serves decent brunch. 
Pacamara Boutique Coffee Roaster Singapore
U see eggs Benedict at almost all the cafes but what made it special is the unique hollandaise sauce, with truffle/ ebi in it, brunch is now more exciting. Opened by the people behind OZ specialty, their big breakfast menu is somehow similar, very hearty and satisfying. One of their must try fish is oven baked 5 cheese macaroni, one of the best I ever ever had. Don\'t think u will get too gelat to finish it. 
Topped with mascarpone and strawberries, with three thick layers of pancakes it taste super good. Furthermore the interior of the cafe is white in color, making it a good place for instagramer to visit!
Within the usual fanciful coffee, they stick to the basic types. The beans are mainly sourced from Chiang Mai, Thailand and the coffee brewed with it is smooth and has a strong aroma. It\'s available in Oz, for a 5oz cup its $5.00
Truffle Benedict was okie, the red velvet pancakes were abit dry and truffle fries could be tastier! But the apple strudel pistachio ice tea was interesting!
$18. Could do with more truffle taste but definitely one of the best egg ben I\'ve had. Creamy hollandaise sauce with crispy buttered brioche, smoked ham with 2 perfectly poached eggs &amp; spinach. So good!
$5.50. I\'ve had Thai milk teas but never Thai coffee. Was told it is sweeter than normal coffee but decided to try. No regret. It was just right - not too strong or too sweet.
Loved this Mac &amp; cheese!!!! Served with honey ham &amp; mushroom, and with the dash of truffle oil, I was sold. Huge fan of cheese so the parmesan, feta, emmental, cheddar &amp; mozzarella on the side was awesome - my only gripe was that it\'s too little 😂 definitely a good comfort food albeit on the pricey side at $18.
This could easily be my favourite place for brunch! White clean spaces with quality food (albeit on the pricey side).
It\'s weekend again. Finally off work. Miso Glazed Salmon and Truffle fries for dinner.😋
Salted Caramel French Toast x Red Velvet Pancakes x Flat White\n<br />#burpple
A simple granola, fruit and yogurt combination for breakfast with my best friend. The interior of the place was nice and bright, perhaps more so with the whiteness of the walls. Surrounded by chattering of folks and chewing on kernels of the caeby stuff, it was a delightfully relaxed brunch to start off this day of giving. Merry Christmas!
Just a cuppa to chase away the chills of a rainy day
I was not impressed with this. The pancakes were pretty dense, while the cream cheese frosting barely had the tanginess of cream cheese. The whole dish could do with a little more sugar as well.
Eggs Benedict - the quintessential brunch dish! What stands out about Pacamara\'s version is the amazing truffled hollandaise sauce. It is super velvety, and exudes a gentle but potent truffle aroma. No acidic notes either! I also like the addition of wilted spinach, which freshness cut through the richness of the other components. Definitely one of my favourite egg Benedicts!
What\'s there not to like about this @ Pacamara Coffee, up the street from One Man Coffee.
Can\'t wait for the weekend of Christmas gatherings to begin! 💃
Actually thought this was better than the ones at little diners because at least they were satisfying even though there wasn\'t much red velvet feels to the dish! The mascarpone tasted like condensed milk to me... But it complimented the pancakes so all for it! Although not the best this is actually worth a try so into the best pancakes list it goes! (@$16)   
The French toast isn\'t dense like what you\'ll usually get, it\'s light and very soft. The salted caramel sauce was a tad too salty though, and made the bread soggy. Pretty \"gelat\", it got too sweet after one slice, so it\'s best for sharing! 
back here again :-)
Enjoyed my Truffle Benedict but the Salted Caramel French Toast was a little too soggy for my liking. Overall, I still did enjoyed my sunday\'s brunch! 
Velvety coffee but a little weak. I need to remember to ask for an extra shot the next time! 
🙆 Pacamara, probably one of the most hippest cafe at Upper Thomson. Truffle Benedict is a worth a mention, the homemade truffle hollandaise sauce is so dope 👍
Pretty decent truffle fries at pacamara, slightly above average. Affordable as well at $8. 
Salted Caramel Banana French Toasts (16$). This tastes so good, w/ fluffy toasts served w/ salted caramel sauce that is so rich and thick 😍😍😍
The combination of 5 different cheese, mushroom, honey ham and infused with truffle oil - it simply melts in the mouth.
The first taste was a bit much - the cheese element certainly dropped it like it was hot - but the appeal of this unusual child proved to be a grower, not a shower. 3.75/5
Flowing yolk, checked. Fluffy brioche, checked. Creamy &amp; balanced hollandaise, checked. Only gripe was that the truffle aroma was barely discernible.
Fluffy, eggy brioche french toast swathed in creamy caramel that\'s more dulcey than salty.
One of the better egg benedict around! Truffle taste wasn\'t overpowering and brioche was crispy and nicely buttered. So good!
We are having the red velvet pancakes served with mascarpone cream, granola and fresh fruits. We are awe of their all white, sleekly feel of a modern minimalistic cafe. Have a great weekend ahead guys 😋
This would be my pick over the red velvet pancakes, though I wasn\'t terribly impressed either. The unforgettable PB&amp;J French toast over at @artistrycafesg is worlds apart. 
They may be served stacked tall, but these fell flat with a mascarpone frosting that tasted more like yoghurt than cream cheese. Not even the granola and strawberries (which I lurve) could inch it closer into my heart, where I keep a special spot for the stellar rendition done by Little Diner.
wrong! it was so bad, we didn\'t even finish it. plain and bland, cream topping which taste more yogurt than cream cheese. 😕 not really a happy morning\'s meal
The brioche is soaked with salted caramel sauce, it\'s so moist and fluffy every bite was mmmm.. Topped with bananas and crunchy biscuit bits slurps! I could clean the whole plate! // I haven\'t been able to enjoy fried and spicy food it\'s so saddening.. Altho I feel super cleansed now. Body needs to heal faster!! 😭
The caramel was really good! Had a odd plop of whipped cream on the toast though, but the rest was good once i scrapped the whipped cream off
despite their very average reviews, I gotta say I was impressed by this salted caramel banana frenchy. probably a four hands 🙋🙋🙋🙋
It\'s rather fortunate that the Salted Caramel Banana French toast didn\'t disappoint.
Where can your fav Red Velvet dessert be found? (Doesn\'t have to be cakes, can be any item.) #iloveredvelvet \n<br />Review: http://danielfooddiary.com/2014/11/10/pacamara/
Had a double 5oz Ethiopia Yirgacheffe Knots , and a shot of Thai DoiChang Honey Process espresso and on a 5oz white complimentary of Will, the owner. Thanks for the great chat and hospitality! Very yummy single origins!
The name “Pacamara” came from El Salvadorean Pacamara Arabica coffee bean. The Thai owner Chartree Treelertkul sourced up to 70% of the coffee beans from his country, to show his support to the local community.
hash, tomatoes and multigrain toast. \n<br />Review: http://danielfooddiary.com/2014/11/10/pacamara
Formerly OZ Specialty Coffee, Pacamara has now opened at Upper Thompson, bringing their well-loved Pacamara blends alongside a sizeable menu of mains and cafe food. Expect great coffee, including more unique offerings like the Iced Thai Coffee. The menu includes burgers and mac &amp; cheese, as well as brunch items like red velvet pancakes and truffle benedict. The miso-glazed salmon ($22) is highly recommended, as is the salted caramel brioche French toast ($16). This clean, bright cafe is a lovely space for spending some quiet time alone, or for a relaxing meal anytime.
Beautiful cafe at the corner of a building, this is the latest addition to join the likes of Habitat Coffee and November 8 along upper thomson road. One of the best - fantastic ambience and great food | ★★★★★
Had always loved OZ\'s Iced Thai Coffee because it has a more neutral flavour profile; good during days where I just don\'t want to drink something too strong. Kinda missed OZ\'s presentation of this item though; coffee in glass jars always looked better than in plastic cups ...
My cup of coffee, rich body, bitter tone.
The strong truffle smell hit our nose before actually tucking in to it. Mushroom, cheedar cheese, feta cheese, bacon mixed with macaroni, comfort food for this lazy afternoon.
Like its white and clean decor. Like that they have expanded their menu. My friend like the fish she had and I like the taste of my beef though it came a bit too chewy. Found the price to be a little on the pricey side for a cafe. Hopefully, they can be consistent in their quality of food and drinks to demand the price. I will still go back to try more items on the menu. 
Love the natural lighting here. 
Coffee and food are nice. Staff are very friendly 😊 Clean and bright cafe.
i liked the combination of fruit + salmon! :)
mushroooooommmmmm
My second favourite cafe to sip some coffee and do some reading. 📖📚☕️
I usually have impressions that cafés don\'t really do fish well, so I was initially skeptical about ordering this with its hefty price tag of $22. Not only the portion was reasonable, the grilled salmon was more than just decent. Flaky, fresh salmon with crisp skin, which was not only just flavourful; well marinated with miso-glaze for that right amount of saltiness. Comes with Apple and Fennel salad underneath, which is crunchy and refreshing, as well as juicy tomatoes and a fruity purée for a punch.
Didn\'t really get the truffle part but this had to be one of my favourite Benedicts so far! The wilted spinach was savory as it was well seasoned with salt and pepper, and the bread was just fluffy. Poached eggs were not only perfectly runny, they were well smothered in a creamy, slight tangy Hollandaise sauce. Add some thick slices of quality ham, and this is just sheer pleasure for a relaxing brunch.
Trying out Pacamara Boutique Coffee Roasters which was formerly OZ Specialty Coffee. Flat White was just as in the past; fruity and nutty tones which is all smooth and creamy!
OZ Specialty Coffee may have moved and partnered up with Pacamara Coffee Roasters to open Pacamara Boutique Coffee Roasters, but the spirit lives on. Serving the same old Pacamara Roadster blend that they had been serving in the past, expect the same fruity nutty tones in their cuppa. Menu had somewhat evolved, especially since now they have a full-size kitchen that can whip up mains and all-day breakfast sets such as Miso-Glazed Salmon and Red Velvet Pancakes. While the name and location may have changed, it is still what OZ Specialty Coffee stood for; good, honest food and coffee for the Thomson neighbourhood.
@pacamara_sg might just be the right place to add some sugar to the day! ;D Instagrammable white decor makes for picture perfect valentine moments ;) #brunch #valentinesday #cafesg ⚊\n<br />•\n<br />•\n<br />•\n<br />•\n<br />#igsg #sg #sgfoodie #sgfood #foodsg #sgfoodies #singaporefood #sgeats #sgfoodporn #sgfoodtrend #instafood_sg #sgcafe #burpple #burpplesg #foodporn #foodlover #foodpics #foodphotography #foodgasm #foodgram #food #foodie #instafood #foodblog #foodblogger #yum #foodies
#EBxPIXEL
We’re talking thick smear of smashed avocado beneath thick slices of avocado. *insert blissful nomming face*  #sgfood #sgfoodies #burpple #instafood_sg #sgcafe #toast\n<br />#iphoneonly #iphonex\n<br />#おいしい \n<br />#brunch \n<br />#foodvsco #f52grams #eeeeeats #huffposttaste #onthetable #buzzfeast #forkyeah #getinmybelly #tastethisnext #eattheworld #foodandwine #feedyoursoull #tastingtable #bestfoodworld #beautifulcuisines #dailyfoodfeed
@igsg #igsg #singapore #foodpornasia @burpple #burpple @hungrygowhere #hungrygowhere #setheats #eatoutsg #sgfood #foodsg @sgfoodie #sgfoodie @singaporeeats #singaporeeats #sgcafe @cafehoppingsg #sgcafehopping @sgcafefood #sgcafefood #brunch #breakfast @pacamara_sg #pacamara #pacamarasg #coffee #mocha #latergram
but when you thought about the heavenly Mushrooms + Cheese Omelette calling out to you from the cafe near the Sports Therapist you’d be visiting, you had no choice but to tumble yourself out of bed 😆 @igsg #igsg #singapore #foodpornasia @burpple #burpple @hungrygowhere #hungrygowhere #setheats #eatoutsg #sgfood #foodsg @sgfoodie #sgfoodie @singaporeeats #singaporeeats #sgcafe @cafehoppingsg #sgcafehopping @sgcafefood #sgcafefood #brunch #breakfast @pacamara_sg #pacamara #pacamarasg #omelette #mushroomandcheese #latergram
perfecto!👌🏼 @igsg #igsg #singapore #foodpornasia @burpple #burpple @hungrygowhere #hungrygowhere #setheats #eatoutsg #sgfood #foodsg @sgfoodie #sgfoodie @singaporeeats #singaporeeats #sgcafe @cafehoppingsg #sgcafehopping @sgcafefood #sgcafefood #brunch #breakfast @pacamara_sg #pacamara #pacamarasg #pasta #aglioolio #latergram
Had this meal after a tiring but fun hike along tree top with @cheeechia, trying to be fitspo and all 😂
Our weekend brunch craving satisfied after the hike 😌
Sunday is gonna end.. so fast 💨 .\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#latteartgram #latteart #pretty #coffeeart #sgcafe #sgcoffee #sgbarista #sgfoodies #foodporn #foodphotography #coffeeporn #cafe #coffeegram #coffeeart #sgfood  #stfoodtrending #sgcafehopping #sgmakandiary #sgfoodporn #singaporeinsiders #instacoffee #burpple #barista #sgeats #stfoodtrending #whati8today
($17.50) 🥞 Always love @pacamara_sg pancakes! 🙆🏻 Fluffy #yummy #worththecalories\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#brunch #breakfast #pancakeporn #cafe #sgcoffee #sgcafe #stfoodtrending #foodpics #sgfoodporn #sgfoodie #instacafe #brunchfood #instacoffee #coffeeporn #foodphotography #sgfoodies #instafoodsg #burpple #singaporeinsiders #sgcoffee #barista #latteart #cake #cakeporn #sgfood #foodies #sgeats
Trying out duck confit hash ($19.50) today and oh so yummy!! 😍 Shredded duck leg confit was so soft while rosti was nicely done and crispy! 😋\n<br />-\n<br />#singapore #igsg #sgig #lifestyle  #instagood #sgfoodie #explore #instadaily #instafood #foodporn #foodgasm #travel #exploresg #travelgram #bbctravel #localfood #onthetable #sgeats  #sgfoodie  #burpple #sgbrunch #brunch #rosti #sgcafe #cafe #sgcafeshop #duckconfit
First time trying their French toast. Soft fluffy bread toasted  and drizzled with caramel sauce and roasted cereal, served with bananas, ice cream, Tim tams and strawberries. Yummy. \n<br />#Pacamara #coffee #cafe #cafehopping #satlaze #frenchtoast #dessert #lunch #foodie #foodporn #foodblog #foodstagram #foodstyle #eatsg #jiakpahliao #tiamjiakboy #fatsoeats #feifeiopps #ieatishootipost #hungrygowhere #burpple
My very first avocado 🥑 on toast 🍞 experience.\n<br />.\n<br />#xtieinsg #cafehopsg #foodstyling #foodspotting #foodspottingsg #foodporn #avocadotoast #burpple #foodphotography #poachedegg #perfectlypoached
.\n<br />#xtieinsg #foodporn #eggporn #foodstyling #foodspottingsg #burpple #cafehop #cafelife #foodphotography
24 Jun\'17, Sat\n<br />- Duck Confit Hash🍗🥔
24 Jun\'17, Sat\n<br />- Seafood Aglio Olio (Squid Ink Spaghetti)🍝
24 Jun\'17, Sat\n<br />- White 7oz☕️\n<br />- Mocha🍫
#furyfoodie #sgcafe #sgfoodies #foodporn #instafoodie #thegrowingbelly #southfeastasia_sg #singapore #igsg #instafoodie #sgig #igfood #igfoodie #igfoodies #whati8today #sgfoodtrend #sgfood #8dayseatout #burpple #burppletastemaker #pacamara
☕️\n<br />.\n<br />#roadsterblend #xtieinsg #cafelife #cafehopsg #burpple #coffee #foodporn #foodstyling #foodspotting #foodspottingsg
Cajun Chicken Burger [$18], love the soft bun &amp; truffles fries but chicken breast is really too big &amp; dry. Crab Meat Linguine [$18] a lot crab meat in the tomato sauces but a little smells. Overall was alright. 
I\'m generally not a fan of specialty coffee (I tend to spam a copious amount of sugar), but unless someone decides to open an air-conditioned cafe selling cheap kopi peng, my hands are tied.
i know that\'s not fast but it\'s my first HM pacing role (why did i even register myself for this again!!?) and i am so worried that my injured ankle will give way, or that i may just run out of energy to complete the whole course. to the grand world out there, PLEASE SEND ME SOME STRENGTH! maybe dreaming about some of these skillfully crafted caffeine stimulants will help ☕️ @igsg #igsg #singapore #foodpornasia @burpple #burpple #setheats #eatoutsg #sgfood #foodsg #sgfoodie #singaporeeats #sgcafe #sgcafehopping #sgcafefood @cafehoppingsg @sgcafefood @sgfoodie @singaporeeats @pacamara.sg #pacamarasg #pacamara #brunch #breakfast #coffee #coffeeart #mocha #latergram
too hungry (and lazy) to travel and ended up at one of my fave cafes in the neighborhood instead with a White Mushrooms Ragout stuffed Omelette + Ricotta Cheese. i\'m still craving for scrambled eggs even though the omelette was really good!
Hot chocolate, truffle fries, and breakfast platter :)
My friends know me as a Truffle Fries Connoisseur, my level of judgement is almost as tough as God on Judgement Day! This, my dears, is to die for! At $8, it has almost twice the amount of truffle oil than other places which sell $12 or more with half the portion and oil!! Good to share, but Truffle Fries Connoisseur here finished them all ;) #pacamarasg #pacamara #trufflefries #sgeats #burrple #burrplesg #hungrygowhere #openricesg #sgfood #instafood #instafunny #instafoodie #food #foodporn #truffle #nofilter #gastronomia #nomnom #foodphotography #sg #eatbooksg #instafollow #cafehopping #sgcafes #sgcafehopping #review #foodreview #etquerencia
Get it in white here.\n<br />•\n<br />Pacamara Boutique Coffee Roasters\n<br />Address: 185, Upper Thomson Road, Singapore 574333\n<br />•\n<br />#yoursingapore #visitsingapore #singapore #burpproved #buzzfeast #buzzfeedfood #makansutra #sedapteam #cafehopping #cafesg #sgcafes #pacamarasg
($22.90)
Rightfully fluffy inside and crisp on the outside. Perfecto!
Need 8 coffee today cos our 4D3N staycation at Mount Alvernia is 🙄😫🤔 Let me count. Wa Wa enough to pay for tour package to Europe for 2-3pax 🤣. Aiya, recover can already lar.  #backtowork #imissmybed #ouch\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#latteartgram #latteart #pretty #coffeeart #sgcafe #sgcoffee #sgbarista #sgfoodies #foodporn #foodphotography #coffeeporn #cafe #coffeegram #coffeeart #sgfood  #stfoodtrending #sgcafehopping #sgmakandiary #sgfoodporn #singaporeinsiders #instacoffee #burpple #barista #sgeats #stfoodtrending #whati8today
Good coffee on a rainy morning. Perfect.
Working out of the cafe in my hood in the morning! French Toast makes the day better ... always 😁 #frenchtoast #positivity .\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br /> #greatcoffee #sgbrunch #sgbreakfast #breakfast #sgeat #sgfood #sgfoodies #sgdesserts #dessert #foodcoma #latteart #sgcoffee #coffeeart #sgcafe #cafehopping #cafe #waffles #sgbakery #sgfoodblogger #stfood #coffeeaddict #singaporeinsiders #burpple #frenchtoast #sgbrunch #cappuccino #cafe #instacafe #instafoodsg #sgeats #sgbakery #bakery
#🦆#pacamaraSG #duckconfit
Unique and awesome ^^
•\n<br />🍝: BBQ pork mac &amp; cheese // oven baked gometi pasta with barbecued pork, parmesan, mozzarella, mild cheddar &amp; feta cheese\n<br />•\n<br />I swear the BBQ pork tastes like bakkwa.\n<br />•\n<br />#ig #igsg #sgfood #sgcafes #burpple #pacamara #pacamaracoffee #pacamaraboutiquecoffeeroasters #macandcheese #bbqpork #bakkwa #cheese #cheddar #feta #brunch
You both are two of my favorites 😍 Having egg benny and french toast on a nice wet day ☺️🙈\n<br />.\n<br />#letsnomnomSG #pacamarasg #foodporn #foodpics #foodbeast #burpple #singapore #onthetable #wheretoeatsg #hungrygowhere #cafesg #foodsg #foodie #igsg #flatlay #flatlays #flatlaytoday #flatlayforever #icecream #handsinframe
#food #foodaddict #sgfoodie #igsg #burpple #foodies #sgcafes
Pricey but worth it for the size + calories
Had the BBQ pork (Bak Gua) Mac &amp; Cheese today. \n<br />Was a little disappointed. Expected more melted cheese on top, cream sauce was kinda watery. Would prefer a savoury rather than sweet sauce, guessed it was due to the BBQ pork. My cold brew was nice and soothing though. #burpple #burpplesg #foodgasm #foodpornsg #sgfood #sgfood #sgfoodies #sgfoodporn #sgmakandiary #foodpics #foodlover #foodstagram #foodstagram #foodie #instafood_sg #instagramsg #instasg #whati8today #nomnomnom #instafoodsg #eatoutsg #foodforfoodies #NomNomSG  #sgmakandiary #sgeats #sgfoodlover #sgigfoodies #instafood_sg #stfoodtrending #burpproved #mac&amp;cheese #macandcheese
Very good coffee after being deprived of good coffee for many days 😂 #greatcoffee #sgbrunch #sgbreakfast #latteart #onemancoffee #sgeat #sgfood #sgfoodies #barista #foodcoma #latteart #sgcoffee #coffeeart #sgcafe #cafehopping #cafe #sgbakery #coffeeaddict #singaporeinsiders #burpple #sgbrunch #cappuccino #cafe #instacafe #instafoodsg #sgeats #sgbakery
Huge portion but I can eat a cow today because I swam 10 laps after my 10km trail running 😂😂😂 Crazy girl. #endorphins #happypills #frenchtoast #cremebrulee #dessert #dessertporn #sgeats #sgcafe  #sgfood #burpple #sgfoodporn #sgfoodblogger #wannabe #sgcoffee #cafehoppingsg #singaporeinsiders
Fancy some Matcha Pancakes with Chili Beef Fries on the side?\n<br />#letsnomnomSG #pacamarasg #foodporn #flatlay #foodpic #foodshare #burpple #sgfood #singapore #onthetable #flatlays
Lots of gooey cheese with a sprinkle of Bak Kwa for a sweet and local touch. Can\'t wait to go back again!!
then again, there isn\'t any bad timing for cakes and desserts, is there? 😏 \n<br />@igsg #igsg #singapore #foodpornasia @burpple #burpple #setheats #eatoutsg #sgfood #foodsg #sgfoodie #singaporeeats #sgcafe #sgcafehopping #sgcafefood @cafehoppingsg @sgcafefood @sgfoodie @singaporeeats @pacamara_sg #pacamara #pacamarasg #dessert #cake #chocolate #latergram
Have a happy holiday everyone!\n<br />#letsnomnomSG #pacamarasg #foodporn #foodpic #foodshare #burpple #duckconfit #foodsg #onthetable
Not for me though as I do not prefer mint as a food item 😜\n<br />🍫
Love the fragrance of the earl grey 😘\n<br />🍫
Such perfect dish, what more could you ask for 😘\n<br />🍽
I like that they did a nice rémoulade to go with the fish, instead of a flat-tasting mayo/tartar combo.🙌🏻🙌🏻\n<br />#pacamara_sg #fishandchips #fishandfries #cafefood #thisCuriousCraving #epicuration #onthetable #onthetable_sg #thefeedfeed #deliciouslifehappylife #burpple
Tried the brunch steak and eggs this time and it was really good! Love the ambience too, great for intimate chats, quiet reading or daydreaming.. #sgfood #sgfoodies #burpple #sgcafes #cafehopping #cafesg #sg #sgfoodtrend #sgcafehopping #igsg #sgcafefood #instafood #cafehoppingsg #cafes #Singapore #foodporn  #whati8today #sgig #eatoutsg #hungrygowhere #foodstagram #sgfooddiary #instafoodsg #foodgasm #SGMakanDiary #ginpala #eatbooksg #sgfoodies #foodporn #pacamaraboutiquecoffeeroasters
Thin or thick? Ok, that\'s all.
Pretty looking dish but turned out to be quite disappointing 😞 confusing enough to have vanilla, azuki which were better on its own.
Lunch \n<br />Creme Brûlée French Toast (S$17.50)\n<br />Creme Brûlée brioche toast, Berry compote, fresh berries, hazelnuts, marshmallows &amp; Creme Brûlée ice cream\n<br />My favourite was the toast which was buttery and crispy outside, while moist and creamy inside.\n<br />Cold Brew (S$6)\n<br />Served in a glass on ice, it was a refreshing drink made of Nicaragua during a hot day. \n<br />Mid Wings (S$8)\n<br />One just can\'t help using the fingers to eat these. So addictive.\n<br />Available at @Pacamara_SG |\n<br />|\n<br />Pacamara \n<br />Address 🏠 :  185 Upper Thomson Road, Singapore 🇸🇬 574 333\n<br />Tel ☎️ : \n<br />Open 💈 : 9am - 11pm\n<br />No food order during 4pm - 5pm\n<br />MRT 🚇 : Marymount (CC16)
*\n<br />I need a cup of coffee too.\n<br />*\n<br />#pacamarasg \n<br />#burpple\n<br />#hungrysquad\n<br />#foodstarz\n<br />#eatbooksg\n<br />#whati8today\n<br />#videomasak\n<br />#phaat\n<br />#eatlikeshit\n<br />#dailyfoodfeed\n<br />#foodbossindia\n<br />#losangeleseats\n<br />#eatbooksg \n<br />#ExploreSingaporeEats\n<br />#ExploreSingapore\n<br />#eatingnyc\n<br />#damien_tc\n<br />#singaporeinsiders\n<br />#thisisinsiderfood
Yet another thumbs up for @pacamara_sg as I wallow in the lovely, convivial atmosphere 😌
Paired with red bean ice-cream and many many berries 🍓
Matchmake in heaven! Matcha and Pancakes 😋🥞
#food #foodphotography #foodstagram #eggsbenedict #pacamara #pacamarasg #cafehoppingsg #burpple
Makes for a very satisfying brunch indeed 🙌🏻\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#whati8today #hungrygowhere #sgfood #foodsg #sgfoodies #sgfoodie #8dayseats #sgig #igsg #yoursingapore #visitsingapore #cafehoppingsg #sgcafe #cafesg #tslmakan #instafood_sg #eatoutsg #sgcafefood #burpple #burpplesg #exsgcafes #setheats #sgfoodtrend #sgfoodsteps #sgigfood #sgmakandiary #sgfoodporn #foodpornsg #exploresingapore #singaporeinsider
😋🍓💕 @pacamara_sg #cremebrulee #frenchtoast #burpple #throwback
An overall balanced dish.\n<br />⭐️Rating : 🌝🌝🌝\n<br />📍Pacamara Coffee Roaster\n<br />185 Upper Thomson Road 🇸🇬Singapore 574333\n<br />🚗Free parking\n<br />⏰Daily 9am - 11pm\n<br />.\n<br />#sgwanderlust #igsg #sgig #sgmondays #sgbrunch #sgfood #sgcafe #sgeats #coffee #brunch #frenchtoast #burpple #brunchtime #food #foodie #foodporn #foodblogger #foodstagram #igfood #foodpic #instafood #sgfoodblogger #instagood #wanderlust #hungrygowhere
😭 May your Kopi be strong and your Monday short! #加油 #motivationalmonday
#latteart \n<br />#burpple \n<br />#podcult\n<br />#hobikopi \n<br />#anakkopi\n<br />#latteartist\n<br />#baristadaily\n<br />#coffeeuniverse\n<br />#manmakecoffee\n<br />#thecoffeefusion\n<br />#thecoffeestation\n<br />#alternativebrewing\n<br />#masfotokopi\n<br />#mbakfotokopi\n<br />#latteartgram\n<br />#videomasak \n<br />#coffeegical\n<br />#madaboutbrew\n<br />#freepouring\n<br />#pacamarasg
Not the dish that I ordered for myself, but the stolen bite took my tastebuds (and my heart).
A delightful dessert to look at and taste, to cool down and enjoy a relaxing Sunday despite the warm hazy weather. But we know that no haze is not gonna hold back any food or Pokemon hunt in SG. #burpple  #burpplesg  #foodgasm #sgfood #sgfood #sgfoodies #sgfoodporn #sgmakandiary #foodpics #foodlover #foodstagram #foodie #instafood_sg #instagramsg #instasg #whati8today #eatoutsg #foodforfoodies #NomNomSG  #sgmakandiary #sgfoodlover #sgigfoodies #instafood_sg #dessertgram #desserttime #dessertlover #dessertphoto #exploresingapore #toast
Yawn.. time to go running.  I know. \n<br />Cuppa art @pacamara_sg
[$17.5 &amp; $18.9] Finally satisfied my Pacamara cravings, the truffle scent was good and strong and that crispy gnocchi. \"It was a good mix of asian and western... distinctively Singaporean taste\" -@jaykeww
French toast with a crispy exterior and a fluffy interior, together with sweet fruits and torched marshmellow and a pool of blood red raspberry sauce finished with a touch of icing sugar. Prices here are painful but then again the food is just simply amazing.
.\n<br />Pacamara Boutique Coffee Roasters\n<br />Address: 185, Upper Thomson Road, Singapore 574333 #yoursingapore #visitsingapore #singapore #burppleSG #burpproved #buzzfeast #buzzfeedfood \n<br />#cafehopping #cafesg #flatwhite #coffee #pacamarasg
I can\'t resist truffle fries
\"Looks like wanton mee, tastes slightly better than wanton mee, but not much diff\" -@specialwaterp0ny -@jaykeww disagrees
Weekend brunch rituals wouldn\'t be complete without this 🙌\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#whati8today #hungrygowhere #sgfood #foodsg #sgfoodies #sgfoodie #8dayseat #sgig #igsg #yoursingapore #visitsingapore #cafehoppingsg #sgcafe #cafesg #instafood_sg #eatoutsg #sgcafefood #burpple #burpplesg #exsgcafes #setheats #sgfoodtrend #sgfoodsteps #sgmakandiary #sgfoodporn #foodpornsg #exploresingapore #sgigfood #singaporeinsider #tslmakan
But I guess thats not the only thing thats changed. People change all the time too. Things that I used to fight for all the time in the past became rather meaningless to me now, even when they are handed to me straight in the face. I guess change is really the only constant.
PAN FRIED to (to slightly browned) crispy Gnocchi (pronounced noe-ki) with a chewy interior, paired with fragrant thick Parmesan sauce enhanced by Truffle, with a variety of mushrooms and a couple of real Truffle Shavings. Tbh I didnt want to go to Pacamara originally, since Ive had a taste of most of the things on their menu, but somehow they managed to read my mind and came up with a revamped menu!! It was to the point where they even combined my favourite ingredients together (parmesan, gnocchi and truffle), to create the perfect dish! Gnocchi is by far one of the less popular dishes in Singapore, much less those that are pan fried (honestly how many of you actually heard of this dish before?) I guess that adds one more to the list for pan fried Gnocchis in Singapore @_hohomustache !
Really interesting menu. Loved the Rocket and Pear Salad. 
Gosh I miss you!
Happy chat.
This dish was a joy to savour till the last bite, avoiding the usual \'gelat-ness\' trap. Given the $18.90 price tag, the portion could have been more generous though\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />.\n<br />#whati8today #hungrygowhere #sgfood #foodsg #sgfoodies #sgfoodie #8dayseat #sgig #igsg #yoursingapore #southfeastasia_sg #cafehoppingsg #sgcafe #cafesg #instafood_sg #eatoutsg #sgcafefood #burpple #burpplesg #exsgcafes #setheats #sgfoodtrend #sgfoodsteps #sgmakandiary #sgfoodporn #foodpornsg #exploresingapore #sgigfood #singaporeinsider #tslmakan
With distinctive tastes of aged parmesan melted and slightly charred on top of the mac thats been tossed in cream along with prawn and some crab meat, topped with slices of savory smoked salmon, it certainly isn\'t unbefitting of having the word \'Ocean\' in its name. Pacamara, being one of the big names of Upper Thomson, never disappoints.
One of the best truffle fries!!
delicious, though I think the ocean mac and cheese was better! \n<br />#furyfoodie #sgcafe #sgfoodies #foodporn #instafoodie #thegrowingbelly #pasta #creamsauce #mushroom #mushroomcream #pappardelle #alfunghi #burpple
Sticky Date Pancake [$17.90]
Pacamara\'s Carbonara is just another dish that makes people adore Pacamara, with a menu that pretty much makes everyone delighted! #furyfoodie #sgcafe #sgfoodies #foodporn #instafoodie #pacamara #carbonara #parmaham #cheese #bacon #mushroom #burpple
💚
So here goes my first indulgence after a long semester. Love the generous serving ! #pacamara #crab #eggbenedict #burpple #thomson #sayhellojas #avocado
The breakfast platter, at its best. Hearty breakfast achieved!
When the ocean meets the farm, you get the delectable Crab Benedict ($19.90). Enjoyed their chive hollandaise very much, and found this a good take on the typical eggs ben! 
This perfect bowl of mac and cheese is one of the best one\'s I\'ve ever had so far 😆 try it someday! #furyfoodie #sgcafe #sgfoodies #foodporn #instafoodie #macandcheese #macncheese #pacamara #burpple
#TGIF #pacamara #friday #breakfast #hashbrown #bread #scrambledeggs #smokedsalmon #corn #bacon #mushrooms #blackcurrent #jam #salad #sgcafe #sgyummy #sgcafehopping #burpple #chope
💃🏻
Thick pancakes + pecan nuts + ice cream = yummm 😋😋
Crab Benedict st @pacamara_sg :)\n<br />#pacamarasg #crabbenedict #poachedeggs #eggporn #sgfood #sgcafe #foodporn #burpple #humanroastchicken
😋 #delishfoodlovers #foodporn #sgfood #burpple #ilovesharingfood #sgfoodporn #vscocamsg #vscocam  #whatiate
Meat was well seasoned and the rosti seared to a golden brown on both sides 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻 Can\'t wait to be back for the Truffle Mac and Cheese!! 🍴🤗 #burpple #flatlayforever #foodandflatlay #tablesituation #foodstyling #snipsnapfood #storyofmytable #instafood_sg #eatoutsg #instaeats #sgcafe #sgcafehopping #vscoeats #foodsg #sgfoodunion #tastediary #sgfood #sgcafefood #exsgcafes #wheretoeatinsg #f52grams #sgfoodie #flatlayforever #buzzfeedfood
👍🏼one of the few cafes that serve decent food. \n<br />#singapore #igsg #sgig #salmon #cafe #foodporn #foodgasm #sgeats #vscocam #exploresg #vscofood #instagood #instafood #instadaily #igdaily #igpic #photography #photooftheday #travel #travelgram #bbctravel #wanderlust #onthetable #burpple #instatravel #brunch #sgbrunch #eathealthy #stayfit #macandcheese
☕️❤️ #singapore #igsg #sgig #sgeats #coffee #dripcoffee #latte #coldbrew #foodporn #foodgasm #vscocam #vscofood #coffeeaddict #photography #photooftheday #instafood #instagood #burpple #8dayseat #eatoutsg #travel #travelgram #bbctravel #exploresingapore #wanderlust #weekend #eathealthy #vscosg #drinkporn #barista
Served with delicious sauce, asparagus and Ikura! It\'s such a nice fish dish that doesn\'t taste too oily and salty. One of the key highlight for this evening\'s dinner with one of my Spiritual Mentor. :)\n<br />#fishmeal #pacaramaboutiquecoffeeroasters #cafefood #seabass #foodhunt #foodie #foodiegram #foodstagram #asparagus #ikura #burpple
En dente spaghetti tossed in creamy sauce. The quantity of mushrooms and bacon was almost 50:50 to the amount of pasta, which was an overly generous move, making the whole pasta experience strange. Not sure what kind of mushrooms were used as the taste didn\'t really go well with the pasta. The sauce was not as flavourful as expected. Other than the amazing pasta texture and generosity of the chefs, the overall dish was average. $16.90++
My perfect brunch :)
😋😋\n<br />Happy Friday peeps 🎉🎊
Crabilicious!
Ordered their Crab Benedict and Ocean Mac &amp; Cheese, both tasted awesome!
The candied apple puree, the chewy dried apple slices and the poached pear go really well with the tender pork collar meat.
The slightly charred surface of the pasta raises the oomph factor of the dish.
4/5
☺️☕️ #burpple
2 of us gluttons couldn\'t even finish this $8 bowl at @pacamara_sg!\n<br />.\n<br />🚇 Marymount (?). 185 Upper Thomson Road. Singapore 574333. (Beside Shell station).\n<br />.\n<br />Opening hours:\n<br />Daily: 9am to 11pm
friday ... FRIDAY!!! 😋😍 #vsco #vscocam #vscocamonly #vscophotos #vscovisuals #vscophile #vsco_you #vscofood #vscogood #vscovibes #instafood #burpple #whatiate #sgigfoodies #singaporefood #sgfood #sgfoodie #foodie #sgfoodunion #sgfoodtrend #igsg #igfood #food #foodpic #foodshot #foodstagram #foodoftheday #foodphotography #foodlover #fooddiary
I can only taste the nutty notes but that\'s good enough for me! #singaporecafes #cafehopsg #coffee #cafe #coffeeplace #coffeegeek #coffeelover #cafejunkie #instacoffee #coffeeaddict #coffeeholic #coffeelove #ilovecoffee #burpple
I must say it\'s very good!!! #foodinmymouth #foodphotography #ilovesharingfood #foodporn #foodforfoodies #foodspotting #fooddiary #sharefood #food #instafood #foodgasm #burpple
Pretty legit coffee.
Sick of the usual eggs benedict? Go for Spanish eggs (the eggs are baked and still oozes out beautifully)! 😋😍 #vsco #vscocam #vscocamonly #vscophotos #vscovisuals #vscophile #vsco_you #vscofood #vscogood #vscovibes #instafood #burpple #whatiate #sgigfoodies #singaporefood #sgfood #sgfoodie #foodie #sgfoodunion #sgfoodtrend #igsg #igfood #food #foodpic #foodshot #foodstagram #foodoftheday #foodphotography #foodlover #fooddiary
watching the baristas working on the apparatus is kind of therapeutic... Noticed my curious gaze, one of the baristas asked if he could help. And he recommended the Columbian Agua Frias that has notes of chocolate and floral. Ordered a raspberry dome to go with it, and he, of course, can never do without his mocha.
All my favourite picks in a breakfast dish.
#singaporecafes #cafehopsg #coffee #cafe #coffeeplace #coffeegeek #coffeelover #cafejunkie #instacoffee #coffeeaddict #coffeeholic #coffeelove #ilovecoffee #latte #latteart #burpple
salted caramel french toast [$16] • salmon royale [$18] • // french toast was nothing to shout about (I\'ve had too many good ones in brissy 🙊), but the ebiko anchovy hollandaise &amp; asparagus have placed the eggs royale as one of my fave egg dishes ☺️ The barista also treated us to a free Kenyan brew with hints of Japanese 🍒, 🍐 &amp; 🍎 after hanging at the ☕️ bar. Very interesting! ✌️ can\'t wait to see what the cafe would offer when they undergo a major revamp for their menu 😋 #MajorLoveForTheirMarbleCounterToo #PacamaraBoutiqueCoffeeRoasters #Brunch #frenchtoast #saltedcaramel #poachedegg #salmonroyale #Instafood_sg #eatoutsg #burpple #foodstagram #foodspotting #sgcafefood #cafehoppingsg #sgfoodies #foodie #foodporn #sgfoodporn #wheretobrunchnext
Truly made with love and lotsa fancy and shiny toys for the baristas! Good coffee are a norm these days but if you\'re lookin for good tea, here\'s the place to be in!
favourite place for a peaceful time and good food!!!!!!
\"
Filling midweek brunch with my boy 😋
Good food-deprived much, I am happy(ier) again\n<br />#vscocam#vscofood#vscosg#foodvsco#food52#sgcafe#sgeats#sgfood#burpple#8dayseat#monday#brunch#sgcafefood#whati8today
verdict: roadster! 😍
#burpple #pacamara #pacamarasg #steampunkbrew #coffee #singleorigin #sgcafe #cafesg #caffeinekick #BurppleTastemaker
The truffle is subtle enough that the doesn\'t overpower the rest of the dish.  I would love this with a really nice Maryland crabcake. \n<br />Pacamara, Singapore
Crispy edges and fluffy insides of the brioche, well buttered and drizzled with salted caramel. Topped with caramelized bananas, some cream, and crunchy walnuts+granola. 😋 #frenchtoast #brioche #saltedcaramel #banana #caramelized #nuts #granola #delicious #brunch #dessert #sgcafe #pacamara #cafe #burpple #instafood
🎧
#food#foodporn#burpple#fries\n<br />#foodie#Singapore#instafood_sg\n<br />#foodstagram#instafood#burger
Topped generously with a delicious berry compote, cream and maple syrup, the fluffy pancakes have a refreshing taste of lemongrass I simply adore. #lemongrass #ricottahotcakes #pancakes #sunday #weekends #cafe #pacamara #berries #compote #maplesyrup #cream #delicious #brunch #sgcafe #burpple #instafood
Truffle Benedict FTW!! 
Pacamara\'s Truffle Benedict with brioche, smoked ham, spinach, truffle hollandaise and free range poached eggs ($18) was photogenic, but tasted off-the-mark. It would be a crime to call eggs benny poached if their yolk aren\'t runny in the first place. One had an almost-solid lump of yolk (ugh disappointing) and the other simply had a teeny bit that oozed. The truffle flavour was also barely discernible. Where is the unique earthy rich taste? :(
😱 Salted caramel banana french toast
After this meal: maybe not... 😑
😩
Worth the wait ✺◟(∗❛ัᴗ❛ั∗)◞✺
#breakfast #benedict #instagood #foodlover #vscofood #onthetable #whati8today #food #foodie #fotd #foodgram #foodporn #foodpornography #getinmybelly #sgfood #sgigfoodies #singaporefood #foodforfoodies #foodstagram #lifeisdeliciousinsingapore #happytummy #foodphotography #foodpics #icapturefood #foodstamping #openricesg #burpple
#chubbybotakkoala #whati8today #cafesg #sgcafe #cafehoppingsg #sgcake #lemontart #pacamarasg #burrple #igsg #igsgfoodie #sgfoodie
Eat out with foodie gang. #hotcakes #berries #brunch #sgfoodie #sgblogger #foodporn #foodstagram #cafehopping #friends #burpple #openricesg
☕😋😍 #vsco #vscocam #vscocamonly #vscophotos #vscovisuals #vscophile #vsco_you #vscofood #vscogood #vscovibes #instafood #burpple #whatiate #sgigfoodies #sgfood #sgfoodunion #sgfoodtrend #igsg #igfood #food #foodloving #foodshot #foodstagram #foodoftheday #foodphotography
😊 Thanks for the recommendation @miselleee 👍
A highly raved cafe by many.
could improve with a better sauce to crab ratio and a more lightly fried, softer tempura. but decent effort nonetheless. #cafehopping #burpple #whathappenedtomydiet #burger #sgeats #sgfoodie
Just.. You have to try it! 
😋😍 #vsco #vscocam #vscocamonly #vscophotos #vscovisuals #vscophile #vsco_you #vscofood #vscogood #vscovibes #instafood #burpple #whatiate #sgigfoodies #sgfood #sgfoodunion #sgfoodtrend #igsg #igfood #food #foodloving #foodshot #foodstagram #foodoftheday #foodphotography
@limmeted #burpple
Total opposites. @limmeted #burpple
Encore please。
Crunchy granolas with loads of🍓🍓 strawberries, blueberries, 🍇raspberries, blackberries and grilled 🍑🍑peaches....hidden beneath all these berries goodness is mascarpone. Huge portion but i finished it.  Love it ...so colorful n so vibrant &amp; so so yummilicious😋😋😋! #granolas #berries #peaches #healthy #brunch #sgfoodie #sgblogger #burpplesg #burpple #openricesg #whati8today
Not the usual tea bag/leaves in the pot style. Fragrant, evenly brewed and beautifully presented. Definitely $6 well spent! #sgfoodsteps #sgfoodie #sgfoodies #sgfoodiary #sgeats #foodsg #instafood_sg #igsg #burpple #openricesg #hungrygowhere #tea
Truffle Benedict $18
Salmon Royale $18
For one of the best coffees around
Great way to spend the afternoon back home. #sgfoodsteps #sgfood #sgfoodie #foodsg #sgcafe #sgcafes #sgcafehopping #instafoodsg #burpple #openricesg #coffeefix #coffeeart #coffee
Beef Bolognese, Chicken &amp; Mushroom Pesto Cream and Truffle Fries.
Salted Caramel Banana French Toast ($16) Oven Baked 5 Cheese Macaroni ($18) Sweet Potato Fries ($8)
Salmon royale and Big Ben. Warm fluffy and crispy. Everything you need 
Can\'t go wrong with this!
A cup a day keeps the doctor away😬 | #sgfood #burpple #igsg #cafe #coffee
Smoked ham and spinach served on a brioche with truffle hollandaise, it\'s like bringing Eggs Benedict to another level (: @pacamara_sg #eggsbenedict #cafe #brunch #sgcafe #food #burpple
This cup of gem was a surprise. Brewed so well, the hint of chocolate and coffee in perfect symphony. For all chocolate/coffee lovers, or best to be both! @pacamara_sg #coffee #cafe #sgcafe #burpple
This tastes subtly of chocolate, I like!
to be honest, the wings were nicely done and easy to eat, given how small they are and the meat literally slides off the bones but the eggs benny weren\'t anything to shout about. what was more fascinating was watching the barista make the tea and explain how they do the filtering to enhance the smell and taste of the tea leaves. she even offered us some free tea (cos she made extra) and indeed, the tea was fragrant and soothing. there\'s always a high emphasis on coffee making techniques so it\'s great to see a cafe finally have the same level of importance placed on the tea. maybe some day, I will go back to try the Oven baked 5 Cheese Macaroni cos it looks pretty heavenly! hopefully I will get my appetite back for that soon @igsg #igsg #singapore #foodpornasia #setheats #burpple  @pacamara_sg #eggsbenedict #brunch #throwback #latergram
Great food and coffee at Pacamara...
Look nice only lar.
😋\n<br />• Review up on the blog •\n<br />#burpple
.....sits on an old oak tree.
Some cafe food after all the CNY feasting~~ Salmon Royale at @pacamara_sg \n<br />Thick Broiche toast topped with smoked salmon, wilted spinach, asparagus, free range poached eggs served with ebiko hollandaise sauce. Nom nom nom~~ Their Truffle Benedict was really awesome too! \n<br />Happy to be cafe-hopping with @thesilverchef and @paulineanghh this morning!
And we are having a lovely salmon royale breakfast with @littlemissbento at pacamara!\n<br />#salmonroyale #eggsbenedict #eggporn #breakfast #pacamarasg #sgig #sgfood #food #foodgasm #FoodPorn #foodstagram #salmon #burpple
Red velvet pancakes are calling ❤️🎶 #singapore #foodieventure #burpple
#pacamaraboutiquecoffeeroasters #cafehoppingsg #whateileeneats #sgcafefood #burpple #lifesgoodwhenyouareonleave
🍳🍞🍅
I was told that the food here wasn\'t fantastic but the folks at Pacamara serve a mean cup of coffee. That excitement bubbled away as quickly as did the latte art on my mocha ($6++).
🎅🎂🍴🍳🍞☕️
The best ever!!! Loved the hollandaise~~~
🎯 Time pls past quickly today 😅
Look at the mountain of banana slices! Photo by #BurppleTastemaker Seth Lui #burpple
Look at the mountain of banana slices! Photo by #BurppleTastemaker Seth Lui #burpple
What is your verdict? @pinkypiggu @dairyandcream @ironsage @rubbisheatrubbishgrow
2015 !!! 👫❤ #nomnomnom #mycafediary #sgcafe #cafe #burpple #onthetable #cafehoppingsg #cafehopping #filter #vscocam #YOLO #foodspotting #sgfoodie #whati8today #hungrygowhere #instadaily #foodie #foodsg #igsg #igfood #sgig #foodporn #photooftheday #sgcafefood
Prefer this over the American Breakfast.... 😋 #breakfast #foodplease #eatout #foodporn #vscofood #onthetable #whati8today #yummy #food #instagood #instafood #instafoodies #foodie #fotd #foodgram #foodinc #sgfood #singaporefood #foodforfoodies #foodstagram #lifeisdeliciousinsingapore #happytummy #foodphotography #foodpics #icapturefood #foodstamping #openricesg #FoodReviewsAsia #burpple
Check out our new favourite brunch spot - Pacamara. Review on www.2foodgeeks.com
This is srsly quite good. The taste &amp; smell of the truffle is not too overwhelming and the sauce is quite good that even my bitter taste bud can savor. \n<br />Comments &amp; picts credit: Memo of OTKNPR, dated 5 Dec 2014.
Always found OZ Specialty Coffee\'s drinks to be a bit on the lighter side and this stayed the same. Prefer a stronger taste for both coffee and chocolate part. But quite smooth tho.\n<br />Comments &amp; picts credit: Memo of OTKNPR, dated 5 Dec 2014.
Nice plating and a good royale to boost it. Their food seems to have improved when compared when they were still OZ Specialty Coffee. \n<br />Comments &amp; picts credit: Memo of OTKNPR, dated 5 Dec 2014.
Another hipster cafe but rather different from the usual dark setting hipster cafés. \n<br />Comments &amp; picts credit: Memo of OTKNPR, dated 4 Apr 2014.
good but still lacking. \n<br />have a good Sunday everyone!
Should have ordered a 7oz cup
Actually, I\'m ready for food.
Coffee makes everything better.
This weekend\'s brunch/lunch situation. 
I like it, but my cousins didn\'t. #burpple
Am loving the ambience &amp; coffee here! #coffee #cafe #cappuccinoart #cappuccino #coffeeplace #coffeegeek #coffeelover #cafejunkie #instacoffee #cafehopkl #coffeeholic #coffeeaddict #coffeelove #ilovecoffee #cafehopmy #burpple
I love the coffee here!
Two cups of coffee went down so easily within 15 minutes. Smooth and just nice. Loved it. 
Pillowy soft bread that has raisins and fruity bits inside with nuts for a crunch that somehow resembles a Bundt Cake. Seems pretty fitting to go with cup of Flat White or their signature Iced Thai Coffee!
[Background] Red Velvet Pancakes ($16) served with mascarpone &amp; fresh berries \n<br />#breakfast #brunch #frenchtoast #onthetable #foodplease #eatout #foodporn #fatdieme #makanhunt #food #instagood #instafoodies #foodie #fotd #foodgram #foodinc #sgfood #sgigfoodies #singaporefood #foodforfoodies #foodstagram #lifeisdeliciousinsingapore #happytummy #foodphotography #foodpics #icapturefood #foodstamping #openricesg #FoodReviewsAsia #burpple
[Background] Red Velvet Pancakes ($16) served with mascarpone &amp; fresh berries \n<br />#breakfast #brunch #frenchtoast #onthetable #foodplease #eatout #foodporn #fatdieme #makanhunt #food #instagood #instafoodies #foodie #fotd #foodgram #foodinc #sgfood #sgigfoodies #singaporefood #foodforfoodies #foodstagram #lifeisdeliciousinsingapore #happytummy #foodphotography #foodpics #icapturefood #foodstamping #openricesg #FoodReviewsAsia #burpple
Cupping note: Nutty / Milk Chocolate / Butterscotch / Caramel / Hint of Floral \n<br />#breakfast #brunch #onthetable #eatout #foodporn #yummy #fatdieme #makanhunt #instagood #instafoodies #foodie #fotd #foodinc #sgfood #sgigfoodies #singaporefood #foodforfoodies  #lifeisdeliciousinsingapore #happytummy #foodphotography #foodpics #icapturefood #foodstamping #openricesg #FoodReviewsAsia #burpple
