5
We had appetisers main courses and desserts - and ALL were exquisite. You get what you pay for. And really it's a very small price for such quality of taste and ingredients. Perfect. Congratulations to the chef.
4
2Fifteen Kitchen at Rochester MallWhichever direction you approach the restaurant, it is not easy to find because the main entrance is tucked away along the end of the open walkway outside the mall area.For a small restaurant, it has a good number of service staff , all obliging and ready to please. Although it touted itself as a place serving French and European food, the round marble table with wooden legs are more reminiscent of old Straits coffee houses in Singapore and Malaysia. It suffers an identity crisis when pop music plays in the background.The food has Continental influence and are mostly a delight to eat. We had a special request for seared octopus leg ( SGD $28 ) which was tender and smoky. My only complain was the liberal use of sea salt that at times overpowers the taste of the food. Escargot has delicious. It is served shelled on bed of rustic tasting bread with cream. At SGD $14, it was a steal.For both the starters, the beautiful salad was a let down because it was too salty.For mains, we had pork belly on a bed of cabbage ( SGD $34 ). It looked like a small portion but was substantial. The pork falls apart into tender juicy strands but retains a thin, crispy crust. The prawn capellini ( SGD$ 28, I think ) was a lovely surprise – seared prawns with a smoky sauce on a bed of angel hair pasta coated with smoky flavored oil. Although it was the cheapest of our 3 mains, I like it most because of the sweet savory taste in every morsel of noodle. The wagyu beef ( SGD $68 ) was a substantial slab. The juice was locked in the seared meat and tasted like any prime cut should. It would have been better if the beef was spared of sea salt and presented as it is.The best part of the dinner was the 3 desserts. The Panna Cotta ( SGD $14 ) was the milkiest I have ever eaten. . Fresh tart raspberries and blackberries with crunchy pistachios complimented the smooth milk custard perfectly. My only complain was that it was a very small portion. The spiced pear tart was paired with sorbet and at SGD $18, was a little pricey for its portion. I would have loved it better if the cinnamon was toned down a bit more. My favorite was the cream brulee ( SGD $16 ) which came in 3 flavors ( earl grey, green tea and vanilla ). It got us very excited because it came in little cute containers.åDespite the lack of ambience ( blame it on some of the guest who dined in bermudas and slippers and strange background music ), the food more than made up for it. Citibank card holders enjoy a 10% discount at the time of this review and the restaurant offers complimentary parking that weekend evening, a nice gesture which we greatly appreciated.The menu is lacking in French themed food. It is worth a try if I were to crave for Continental food and is in the mood to splurge. The menu is changed every couple of months and offers an affordable 3-course weekend set lunch at SGD $30 from 11 am – 2 pm
