4
Happen to walk past this restaurant after church service. Was attracted by it's cozy ambience. Took their laksa chicken pot, the laksa was very nice and the chicken was Very tender. They have mookata too, will try their Mookata the next round.
4
2The Pot is a new restaurant alongside Joo Chiat shophouses, encompassing an interesting combination of Thai Mookata and Chicken Hotpot under one roof. The restaurant has two stories for dining, we sat upstairs.2The Pot adopts a very clean cut and neat style - black regular tables in two rows across the room across smooth polished wood floors and sleek white walls - no fuss, no muss, just a comfortable and soothing setting for diners to enjoy a good pot of soup for dinner.Drinks were served the moment we stepped in and introduced ourselves to each other. I chose the Thai Iced Milk Tea - light and refreshing, and not too sweet, just the perfect thirst quencher.The Thai Fishcakes were good - tasty fish-flour paste fried till a crispy golden brown on the exterior with a taut but still springy interior, rich in flavor.First we started with the Spicy Chicken Hotpot. There were a lot of ingredients such as red chilli, green peppers, onions, chicken etc all tossed into a big pot of spicy (mala) soup base. We waited for it to boil while constantly stirring it, and then had a small bowl each to start. The soup was very thick, even a little on the sticky side, but it did not give the piercing numbing spiciness that one usually associates with mala soup. We did not know if that was the usual standard, or whether the restaurant played down on the level of spiciness to try to suit us. The chicken was tender enough, but we felt that the soup could do with a little less stickiness and a little more spiciness.Next, we worked on the Laksa Chicken Pot. The ingredients looked good - the perfect ingredients for a good pot of authentic laksa seemingly- with the taupoks (dried beancurd), fishcake slices etc. When it simmered, we took a small bowl each to try. The laksa gravy was good - thick without being too gooey, and the level of spiciness was just nice. The rich and distinctive flavor of laksa (spicy, with the sweet twist of coconut) was well noted; and the chicken was tender.  The last pot was Assam Chicken Pot. As far as assam goes, this pot lacked the sharp sour sting of assam.Now we come to the Mookata. We had Tom Yum Soup base and a Clear Chicken Soup base. Our Mookata set comprised of this huge basketful of leafy greens, golden mushrooms, sweet corn, vermicelli and eggs. For the meat, we had a very generous serving of prawns, squids, beef, chicken, pork, otah, fishballs, meatballs, crabstick, sausages and a packet of pork lard.Another bout of surprise came with these Marinated Beef and Korean Spice Pork Belly - yet another cuisine added to the family. Nonetheless, these were their specialities as well so we were honored to have a taste of it. he Korean Spicy Pork Belly was quite tasty - thin, crunchy slices of pork marinated with kimchi-tastingFor full review and more photos, please feel free to visit:http://thearcticstar.blogspot.sg/2014/10/media-invite-dinner-at-2the-pot.htm
5
This newly opened restaurant along Joo chiat rd was serving mookata, a thai BBQ cum Steamboat pot and since we have not tried it before we decided to give it a try. We were not disappointed, although we were not sure how to order, the server was very patient and explained everything in detail with a smile. After ordering our mookata, we were served complimentary dish of savoury fried chicken which was delicious! The mookata experience was a pleasant one, we dipped our fresh tender cooked meat in the refreshing thai sauce and the soup was very sweet towards the end. However I wander if the rim the holds the soup was meant to be so shallow as it evaporates fast and difficult to scoop the soup with our spoon. Overall, we really enjoyed our meal and will visit again to try the other types of hot pot in their menu
