4
Almost authentic as the cook is Thai. Expect the usual fried rice, tom yum, pad thai and the like - all served piping hot and in generous servings.
5
love thai food. it is so affordable and tastes so good. Only you have to bear the very Hot taste of Thai foods
3
We come here on a regular basis when looking for good, low price Thai food ie few times a month.In a recent visit few weeks back, noticed the stall was manned by 2 different persons. Spoke to the new guy if he has taken over from previous owner but he doesn't seem to understand or perhaps not telling. Thought this could be just temporary but after further subsequent visits, confirmed these new owners has taken over the stall.The stall set up remained exactly the same ie no change in stall design, with the same menu & prices.After subsequent visits in next few weeks- trying out our various usual favourites, we noticed 2 obvious differences.It is more expensive now. Although prices remained "unchanged", we noticed the portion has generally been reduced across the board on all our favourites. Also, the food does not taste as good as done by the previous cook/owner. Again, this assessment was based on few weeks of trying out our favourites.In view of the 2 changes, this stall is not in our regular food favourites list anymore.
4
Recently this stall has moved its location. It is still at the same Chinatown Complex food centre but located at a new stall number on the same stretch; at unit #02-117, which is not far from the old stall.The food is still very authentic, good & reasonably priced. Definitely still one of the better Thai food stalls I have tried over the years.Worth trying if you have not done so yet.
4
This stall has a very big & brightly lit up colourful menu display ( see photos). So its easy to spot the stall from a distance. It is run by two friendly Thai men. The younger guy mainly does the cooking. But the other one takes over the cooking when needed. Both are just as good.The food here is genuine Authentic Thai. Very nice. The wide varieties gives one great opportunities to try many types of Thai cuisine. Have tried many items on the menu over the past year. Of course there will always be favourite items, depending on individual. But generally, all are good.However, some items can be pretty hot & spicy eg Tom Yam based type food. The small chilli ( chilli padi) is very hot! So don't ask to add cut chilli padi to your food if you can't take it hot.Prices are very reasonable and portions generous. Offers good Thai cuisines at great value.Highly recommended to try if you like authentic Thai food
