5
Morning breakfast here with my fiancée, absolutely brilliant! It may not be a fanciful restaurant, but it's one of the best Coffeeshop in my opinion, has a lot of secret treasures hidden away that takes skilful observation to hunt out! (Note: Below scores are compared to coffeeshops in general, I compared apples to apples.)Ambience: 5/5Cleanliness: 4.5/5Customer Service: 4.5/5Quality of Food: 5/5Value for Money: 5/5Our Orders:Yit Thong Bak Chor Mee: 5/5Chwee Kuay: 5/5Mu Shu Gao: 5/5The Good: Local Flavours at it's very best, this is like a kampung (village) of food stores, I would say the Hawkers are very proficient in their crafts, can find exceptional food for very reasonable price! The Bad: The quality differs from store to store, some stores are magnificent, others are average. Bottom Line: Locals love it, I would strongly recommend tourists to come here and find the Good dishes, this place is rich with local Flavours and culture, if you want to experience what local Singaporean life is like, this is a very good place
3
The picture is showing the hawker centre which is on block 628 and not 630. If it is the hawker centre then u will have plenty of good food inside. The wanton noodle (note: NOT the centre row) at the first row is very good, go for mee pok
4
We visited here on our way to the Night Safari. It's a bit out of the way and I don't thing they see many tourists there! We joined the lines for the roast meat and chicken rice.....both took about 30 mins. The wait was definitely worth it as the meals we had were well above average....and the prices were amazing. If you get a chance check out the Ang Mo Kio food centre....it's a more authentic experience. You won't be disappointed
5
Can't believe this appeared in tripadvisor and I have written anything. I come here at least 2 times a week and as there was a community centre opposite that has many classes for us as a family. This place is hugely popular for the residents here. The coffeeshop is not so crowded but offer good choice of food. However the hawker centre next to it is always full. My fav stall in the hawker centre and for my kids too is the Japanese stall at the corner as salmon don is delicious at only S$5. The tempura is good too. I have tried every stall here..goes to show how often I'm here. These are great Singaporean local dishes so Here's my ranking if u are here. The tip is if there's a queue it got to be pretty good, we don't mind queuing 30mins for great food!1) Japanese stall :only 1 ard2) Porriage stall in the middle row3) Roast pork and duck stall in the middle: always a long queue4) Porriage with other dishes middle row next to desert stall5) Coffee: great local coffee at all stalls  Have fun in my neighborhood
