4
Quite a nice little cafe/restaurant on a local estate, mostly frequented by young Chinese, Builders Cafe would suit those in need of something other than the dai pai dong fare usually found in such areas. However, do make sure that BC is open and/or willing to receive you. We made four attempts. First attempt was fine - we enjoyed good coffee, a wagyu burger, a salad and cheesecake which were all very good. Second attempt - full, even though there was an unoccupied table right next to the front door. Third attempt - closed all day for Kung Hei Fat Choi festivities. Fourth attempt - I wanted a cup of coffee at the not unreasonable time of 10.30 a.m. on a Tuesday morning, but they didn't open until 11.30 a.m.. A bit odd for a cafe, if you ask me.Subject to the above caveat, I give this place good marks
4
Visited here recently with a friend. I tried the pork sausage for lunch which was very tasty. Coffee isn't so cheap here, especially the cold brews at $7, but they are apparently drip filtered over night and take a very long time to prepare. I think next time though I will just go for a regular cappuccino ($5). Good atmosphere and friendly staff and worth another visit
5
My colleague and I decided to try the lunch menu as our office is a stone's throw from Blk 53. The hipster exterior looks somewhat out of place in this very heartland neighbourhood with the typical coffeeshop just a few doors down the block. The cafe is small (seats just 20-24 pax), simple and unpretentious. We both had the promotion for the day - mains with soup at $2.90 and homemade barley or iced lemon tea at $1.50. The mushroom soup is truly a steal at that price; it was thick, full of different types of mushrooms, and steeped in a deep mushroom flavour. It came with a stick of garlic toast that complemented it perfectly. I had the panko herbed fish burger and substituted the fries for a salad, and it was a very satisfying burger indeed! The crispy batter contrasted beautifully with the tender interior of the fish fillet. At $15.90, I really have nothing negative to say about this dish, except for the use of a cheddar slice as melted cheese for the burger. Would have been good if it had been a slice cut from a cheese block rather than a slice of processed cheese. My colleague had the miso salmon, and he was bowled over by the way the salmon was panfried to perfection. At the end of the meal, he also had a cup of cappuccino which he said was brewed to just the right flavour to set off the miso salmon and rice. The homemade barley was brewed with dried winter melon, a very local and refreshing drink to accompany the mains. Definitely, a great place for lunch. The cafe is closed on Mondays
