4
The place was crowded around tea-time with small seating capacity. Lots of bread and cakes selection, and a special price for cake + coffee combo.
4
The food is varied and generally good, although nothing amazing and it seems a little "cooking by numbers". Service is efficient but just "dialling it in" as well. Overall worth recommending because the food is good and reasonably priced.
1
Terrible coffee. Don't try ever. It costs as much as starbucks but the taste is just terrible. I don't know what the bread is like but the coffee is just terrible. It is bitter and causes a headache.
4
Spent a week in Singapore and finding suitable food was an issue (Coeliac friendly) as many places and people did not fully understand what it meant; so when we found this place i was delighted to find they were offering GF food and understood about cross contamination. It is part of a small chain of bakery/kitchen places and are all around the city.The place we visited is inside Raffles City (2nd floor) and is small, so got busy around lunchtimes. The service was always good (went 4 times!) and the staff were very friendly and cheerful. The food itself was very good, well presented and great tasting. The Sea Bass & Prawn Quinoa was so good i had it twice. My only complaint was that the menu is a little limited, but that is a small price to pay for a safe meal (any other Coeliacs reading this will understand that).My other half also had lots of veggie options too so the place is well worth a visit
5
From the smiles and great attitude, the little resturant has great food and the preperation excellent! The Salmon eggs Bennidict was superb!! There ability to make fresh fruit drinks, and brew very good coffee's is great. There selection of fresh home made breads and pastries is really special. Staff very friendly and serve's with a smile.. It was soo very good we went back for New Years eve Dinner... I had Steak, mash potato's and veggies. Cooked to my perfection, Srimp quinwa and salad with veggies for the wife....Excellent meal for the price!
