5
I love this bakery. Love their 5 slice bread for panini, chocolate breads and amazing small garlic loaf. Staff are always friendly and location is conveniently located at Takashimaya department store.
4
I was walking around an happened to feel peckish and wanted to eat something before lunch. So I stopped by to look at the different choices of bread available and decided to get a crusty bread to munch on while shopping at Takashimaya. The bread had a good crusty texture on the outside and soft in the inside, so it was perfect for me
5
My partner and I visited here for breakfast on our last day in Singapore on our recent visit and I could have had one of everything...! We had to return later that day to buy something for our early morning start to the airport the next morning.I would happily go back every morning for breakfast...
4
I noticed Donq boulangerie while walking around basement 2 at Takashimaya. The first time I went there, I picked up some bread to try. Now, whenever I go to Singapore I go there.They have this bread called Hard Toast. It is large rustic, country style slices of soft bread which is very good for sandwiches and when toasted.... really great toast. I don't know what it is about that bread but it makes excellent toast. I'm sitting at home in Bombay right now writing this. When I'm done writing, I'm going to have breakfast, toast made from Hard Toast bread that I got from Singapore yesterday.You can choose how thick you want the slices cut. Usually the Hard Toast is packed in bags marked 5, 6, 7, or 8. That's the number of slices per loaf. The 5 slice pack has thick slices, good for French toast.They make a lot of other good bread.The original Donq bakery, I believe is over a hundred years old
3
First time I bought from this bakery. My colleague brought me here as she felt that the breads here were better than BreadTalk (and I was pf course drawn by the smells).The variety here is definitely more unique, not something that you would see at the now ubiquitous BreadTalk or Four Leaves. I tried the Cream Puff pastry. The custard was nice and smooth, though a bit think but just the right sweetness. The pastry was light and fluffy, and the addition of some seed or nut on top was a nice touch. However, the top of the pastry tasted slightly burnt (my colleague also said hers tasted burnt) which detracted from what would otherwise have been 4 stars.I also tried the egg may sandwhich, which as $2.30 for a single slice was quite costly. Not too bad, but also nothing to shout about.I would come here again, at least for the variety, but not too often because of the price. But to give it credit, the stuff here is not too bad and there are long queues. Give it a tr
