5
We have ordered a la carte and had few happy beer .that night was really fanstatic and enjoyable. Good food , good view and good service
5
Chef Watanabe is a very creative chef. He can create a simple food that always give me a oomph. I went there last Monday and actually on this day there is no fresh fish coming in but he can create whatever he had and turned the food to be so delicious. Even the famous Chef Andre of Restaurant Andre visited E Pachi too occasionally when his restaurant is closed on Mondays.It is really a Gem at Boat Quay. His price is not really cheap but very reasonable as he imported most of his fish, vegetables, fruits, etc from Japan.I visit E Pachi very regularly as I always feel very satisfy after having my meals there
4
We found this place by just walking along the river, they had plenty of seating on the river but we really fancied (needed!) some AC to cool down. It is very cosy inside with a clear view of the preparation area. We ordered their daily special. The food was very fresh, well presented and tasty. They also had free WiFi which was useful to catch up on work while eating
3
We have been a regular diner at Hachi Japanese Resturant at Mohamad Sultan Road, and in mid 2012 their chef Watanabe left to set up E Pachi, so we decided to give it a try. It is located at the business district with outdoor seating and great view of Singapore River. Service is attentive with some of Hachi's old staff. Dinner Omakase is $139 with 10-course. The dishes are delicious and met our expectation. As we are acquainted with the staff, they did not charge our corkage fees, which is a nice gesture. Presentation of dishes is conservative and portion is large and heavy. Ingredients are ordinary and non-seasonal, except for the Wagyu beef. We had half boil egg, beef nimono (pre-simmered dish), spaghetti mentaiko (pasta sauced with olive oil and spicy cod roe), sashimi platter (nice cut of fresh ingredients with greens garnishing), crab nimono, yaki fish Sawara (Grilled Japanese fish), Asari soup (Clam miso soup), Japanese beef miyasaki (Champion Wagyu beef), noodle soup with tempura and dessert (canned cherries with cut apple). Too much food for one meal! I prefer quality to quantity, therefore this is not a place I would recommend for small eater, especially female
