5
Nice cafe with enchanted forest theme. Affogato is excellent, strong coffee goes well with vanilla ice cream. Friendly staff. Bright and clean.
5
The decor was tastefully done to match the gastronomic experience that we were about to embark. From the large mirror to the cool bespectacled cat on the back of the chair. We came unprepared for the marvellous dishes and drinks that we feasted. We ordered the cold ondeh ondeh milky drink and it was done to perfection. The enchantress potion was a blend of hot tea which we enjoyed very much. The piece de resistance was the Sorcerer's Elixir. It came in a wine glass swimming in a bowl of dry ice. The mixture turned from blue to purple with sparkles dancing like fairy dust in the mixture. The taste was pleasant and words cannot describe the myriad of taste that exuded from this special drink. (It may take you more than 20 seconds to find this drink on the menu. It is hidden in plain sight) From the mushroom soup to the garlic bread including the Ngoh Hiang Burger. We revelled in discovering a new eatery that we would certainly come back for more. Highly recommended. Enjoy the pictures. We wish you an enjoyable feast when you come visit this magical place.
4
Hipster cafe and western menu. There for a drink - in search of good coffee joints . Deco wise is garden theme and pretty nicely done . Service is good and staff are friendly - like it is ; A smile goes a Long way. Drinks , Matcha is better than norm and their Chocolate cake is good. Worth a try but need to be patient as the place can be pretty packed .
2
I pass this cafe everyday going to the train station and home and said will give it a try as it's new. Just returned from the cafe after lunch....a very long wait. Disappointed! Yes restaurant was crowded, today being a holiday but we managed to get seats immediately on the bench by the window. Menu was acceptable and the cafe has my favorite affogato. Drinks came within 10-minutes and was good. But I counted down the minutes to the hour exactly before our lunch order arrived. No use coming over to tell us our order was next 2 in the queue after 45-minutes wait. The cafe should provide some finger food/snacks to make the waiting customers happy. What was to be a first time to try the cafe may be our only visit. No wonder the cafe next door expanded with another shop down the road with their fast turnover. Prices here were not cheap plus they do not accept Credit Card(maybe today their machine was down). So that may put patrons from coming back to give it another chance. Our order was simple; buffalo nuggets and their signature breakfast with a pot of tea and an affogato. Please improve or the cafe will follow the one before. I have seen many cafes along this stretch open and close in my 4-years patronising them
