4
This place is situated in a hawker centre and was quite busy. It was worth the wait as the laksa was very good and cheap!
3
Unless you going to the market, not worth the effort going all the way there just for this dish. Nothing to shout about, just your average Laksa. The gravy is not aromatic enough, what we local say not lemak enough.
4
I was looking for a good Laksa to enjoy, and remembered a friend highly recommending this Laksa stall as the only Laksa for his fussy taste buds. I intentionally went to Hong Lim Food Centre early. The stall owner said he would open in 5 mins. When I returned at 11.30 am, there were already 6 persons standing in the queue, all intentional to eat his famous Laksa! Each bowl contained a pale milky white soup, and was extremely fragrant! The first bite confirmed the reliability of my friend’s recommendation. The dish was well balanced and flavourful. The ingredients were all fresh. It was difficult to stop eating it once you’ve started. The Chef was well known to his regulars, and he was warm and friendly and connected with them in a personal way. The chef’s elegant wife arrived to assist Him with taking orders and receiving the payments. They also offered 2 additional dishes, Fruit Mee Siam and Mee Rebus. I tried the Mee Siam and found it fresh and zesty, but lacking in a wholesome finish.
5
Situated in an ageing hawker complex, the surroundings here may be basic. The laksa, however, is anything but. Winning a spot in the Michelin Guide's Bib Gourmand category for the past two years, this highly popular stall in the Hong Lim Food Centre, Chinatown, serves an amazing laksa at an amazingly good value price. The 'standard' $5 version is terrific, but I recommend upgrading to the top-of-the-line $8 iteration — featuring fresh crayfish (the big 'Alien' facehugger style, what we Australians would call Balmain or Moreton Bay Bugs), chicken, prawns, cockles, fish cake, noodles, and of course, a fabulously rich, creamy and spicy soup. You'll generally encounter a queue at lunchtime, but trust me, good things come to those who wait. Icing on the cake, unlike many hawker stall operators (who can often be quite brusque, and sometimes downright rude), owners Mr and Mrs Soo are utterly delightful. All up, a brilliant intro to Singapore-style laksa for the newbie, and a treat for connoisseurs of the dish
4
We went on a Sat afternoon after 2pm and the food centre was not crowded at all. I ordered a small bowl of laksa which costed me only S$3. You could find basic kinds of ingredients such as fish slices, tofu slices, bean sprouts and even cockles inside. The taste of the soup was so balanced and rich enough and I couldn't find it from the city I came from, unfortunately. Guess I have to come back from time to time whenever I travel to Singapore.The boss (who is responsible for the cooking part) is very nice and friendly
