5
Some great burgers on the menu.
They also offer make your own options.
Very busy at usual peak times - plan ahead.
2
So I ordered a chicken burger and husband ordered a lamb burger! He enjoyed his however chicken wasnt nice at all! I only took one bite and couldnt finish the food so had to suffice with the fries! It didnt taste like chicken at all. Husband tried it too but didnt like it! Quite expensive for what it is! However service was great but food needs improving!
5
My husband and I love fat Papa's food from Arab street. The minute the franchise announced their halal outlet, we were waiting for it's opening. So to learn that they're opening another outlet near to our home , northpoint, we visited their new outlet to have our lunch. We we're lucky enough there's no crowd. We usually chose build own burger option and without fail I will pick beef. The beef Patty is juicy, tender and soft. Excellent in their consistency despite being different outlets
2
My friends and I have long tried to eat at this place but we never got round to it. I have been to FatBoys which I'm a fan of. So one fine day, we decided to make a trip to the Joo Chiat outlet. There wasn't much of a crowd, thank god, cause everytime we rocked up to the Bali Lane outlet, there was a queue. And I dont do queues, no matter how good the food is.We got seated and proceeded to order. As much as I wanted to order the milkshake, $10 was way too much in my opinion. I saw the glass it came in, and $10 was too much for such a tiny glass. If it was $7, perhaps I would have considered. Or if it were served in one of those bigger mugs. So I just went for a simple iced tea. For my sides, I ordered the breaded mushrooms. Basically, its shiitake mushrooms deep fried. It was extremely artery clogging. Way too oily. No mushroom flavor whatsoever. It was more of the bread-ing. If you like the taste of the outer batter, then go for it. If you want mushroom flavors, skip it. Onto the burger order. I ordered mushroom melts burger. I ordered an add on of bacon and my burger to be done medium rare.Out comes the burger, without the bacon. I asked for bacon to be added and under a minute, my burger came out again. Please note the under a minute, because I was watching a video on FB that was 43 seconds long. The bacon must have been made the first thing in the morning, for it was cold and tough. Chewy was not even possible. $2.50 for that add-on was not worth it. I asked for my burger to be medium rare. If I could put a face palm emoji here, I would. If there was a no go for a special order on the done-ness of the burger, let me know. I would have been OK. My burger was fully cooked.I love my mushrooms in burger. That is the one thing that is a must. So it was shiitake mushrooms, cut into chunks, not sliced, which would have been a much better accompaniment for the burger. Eating chunky mushrooms in a burger, was hard. For one, it dropped from the burger. Secondly, the mushrooms were bland. I am seriously questioning if the mushrooms were blanched rather than sauteed. It tasted like boiled mushrooms. I would like to add that the floor of the establishment was slippery as hell. If I had worn my dressier shoes, with no anti-slip soles, I would have kissed the floor. The servers were even doing their own version of Tom Cruise's epic scene in Risky Business while I was there. You know the scene where he was in his white shirt and white undies and white socks on that smooth floor. All in all, the only pleasant thing about my visit was the free water.PS: No matter where you are, burgers are meant to be eaten with your hands, not with fork and knives, people
4
Office group of 9 guestsVisit 5th Oct 2017; DinnerWe made reservation for 9 pax at 6.30pm.Arrived 7pm (wet weather), got our seats & had a short marvel at the place.Cool interior with simple deco. This is a halal eatery and owned by a local celebrity. Menu is a printed board the size of A4 on both sides. You'll need a good 5 minutes to go thru what is on the menu. There are simply everything to try! Salted Egg Fries anyone?The burgers are a hit with guests here. Many variety to try with fries and greens as sides. There are also many types of fries to try out.I ordered the Beef Rib as it looks like the main 'craving' dish I've been longing for. Takes a good 15minutes for the food to arrive. Ordered the iced lemon tea for my drink.Plates, cutleries & drink glasses looked good which tells you the kitchen takes good pride in presenting their art. The rib arrived thick & juicy. One look, I know I cannot finish it! Being a big eater, I'd prefer not to stretch my belly this time. Slowly enjoyed my rib while my colleagues tried the kebabs, burgers & shakes. The BBQ sauce is thick & tasted perfect for that sized rib. Meat is oh so tender; rarely find a good tender rib. I really enjoyed my rib but I have to share around as I cannot finish it. The fries are sweet & it clashes tastes with the meat. Can I have a baked potato next time? A plain tasting baked potato will enhance the meat taste & sauce. But ultimately, I have one question though: why is the meat not hot when served? Service here can be improved. Again, I understand the difficulty to hire good knowledgeable F&B staff. There are 3-4 staff making their rounds, taking orders & cleaning up after guests. Do have patience when you see them busy. As the night wore on, the place starts to fill up and you can see a queue outside. By 9pm, we are done. The cost paid against the experience and ambience is justified. I have no complains. We will be back.Thank you Fat Papas for making our office dinner a good one
