5
A small cafe and it was always full house.
But on weekdays it was alright, don't need to wait for quite long.
But dinner was great!
5
Had a good lunch with my family at the east outlet. Per set comes with mushroom soup, main course (fish or chicken - 3 choices to choose from) and a cold/hot beverage (English breakfast tea, earl grey, Apple juice, orange juice, ice lemon tea or canned drinks)Price tag: affordableFood portion: huge (lots of fries)Recommendation: worth to try
4
Dine at the one at Simpang Bedok. Food is good and price is of value! Love how it is not so overpriced. Good is pretty decent too! I love the seafood sauce in the Cheese Karaage Pasta. Very tasty and light! Snack platter was worth the try.Shop is easy to locate as it is just by the bus stop. There wasn't much crowd initially but it got crowded at around 7 or so. Place is cozy and has great lighting. Definitely a place worth the try
3
We had the seafood macaroni and lemon chicken. Both were decent, price is probably about just right, the service was good, although they were struggling slightly in keeping up with a Sunday evening demand. Location is fairly convenient, close to Tanah merah mrt and in a street that is not too lively nor too dull
4
This is my first time here. Ordered the Original Fish and Chips and am surprised at how good the fish is. The batter is thin and crispy and the fish meat inside is thick and juicy. The portion is quite small for me, but it is very reasonable for the price of S$8.90
2
I ordered Norwegian grilled salmon which was excellent. However, after that the mashed potatoes and vegetables were stone cold which I tried but did not eat.After dinner I ordered coffee but not available. The restaurant is rustic with polished concrete floors. It has a pleasant atmosphere. The waiter was indifferent when I advised him about the cold vegetables no coffee available. I would not return to Fish Tails again, that is my rating. In Singapore we have an adage, if the restaurant is of poor in quality and service you never return. The choices of restaurants in Singapore are endless
5
I can say this eateries is really a hidden gem of orchard. Located at Scape, the fish and chips choices they offered are plenty and it tastes awesome!. Pasta is also done right and the best part is, mostly cost less than 10 bucks! Sure will come to visit again
