3
A long room with white walls: you don’t come here for the decoration, just for the food. The restaurant proposes homemade Hong Kong dim sum and roast meat. We focused on our favourites: the dim sum! The har kow, yam fritter, char siew bun and steamed chicken feet were honest, but a bit overcooked with no much flavour. The cheese prawn ball was too oily. Portions are small and the freshly cooked food takes some time to reach your plate. On the bright side, the staff is nice and this is one of the very few restaurants in the area proposing dim sum for dinner
5
We ate here last November, 2016 (their 13th day of operation) and I tried to post a review but, for some reason, it never got posted. Oh well. Fast forward to June, 2017. We stayed in the Katong area again and had a dim sum lunch at Food Champ. The dishes were all very tasty and warm. Service was excellent. Like last November, we talked a little with the owner and his wife. They're both very nice people and it's always good to see nice people be successful.The only minor nit is they didn't have yellow Chinese mustard for dipping. But the rest was top notch
5
We had roast pork, duck and char siew with the rice. PHENOMENAL meats beautifully cooked the char siew was the best I have ever had in my life. We also had Yam fritters and char siew pork bun - also unbelievable delicious!! the food here is just unreal. The interior is very clean and spacious and the food is handled carefully. We couldn't believe how lucky we were to find this place by pure accident. This is one of the best places to eat in East coast. The owner are a lovely older couple that speak great english, they gave us some complimentary food to try which was delicious and speciality foods found only in a Singapore. They sat down and chatted with us, such great hospitality. we went back there 4 times in 3 days lunch and dinner - highly recommend you give it a try, you will love it.
4
I tried it for the first time last night with my friend and enjoyed the dim sum. The petit prawn dumpling (Har Gow) was filled with fresh and crunchy shrimp wrapped in a thin translucent skin and perfectly cooked. The pork siew mai was meaty and firm in texture, just the way I like it. The cheong fun (rice roll) with shrimp and BBQ pork was smooth and tasty although the portion was a little small. The chicken feet braised with fermented soy beans and steamed pork ribs were tender and full of delicious flavour. Best of all was the specialty BBQ pork char siew which had a crispy charred outer layer and juicy inner layer that breaks down easily in one bite. I can't wait to return to try other dishes!
4
This resturant recently opened. If you are in the Katong area it is worth a visit. The range of is very good, steamed dishes, fried, Buns, roast meat, noodles and rice.The drinks list is good and the pot comes with a free refill. Having lived in Hong Kong for ten years I am very particular about the standard of Din Sum. Everything we ordered was top class. My faverite was the steamed ribs. Our bill for two was only S$25. It would bebetter if you have a larger grou
