5
This was our first visit - we are not practicing vegetarians (quite the opposite) but we enjoy and seek out Chinese vegetarian food. This was the "mock meat" style of Chinese vegetarian food where one of the enjoyments was seeing how close the imitation came to the real thing. Very successful for the cereal "prawns" - and the cooking itself was very well done, the cereal was light, fluffy and tasty, not in the least greasy. My favorite was the sweet and sour "whole fish" (more like a fish fillet) - it was a special (not on the menu) recommended by our server and the sauce was excellent. The "fish" soup was also very good - clever touch of milk to simulate the taste and mouth feel, and the "fish" pieces were very realistic in taste too. The long beans dish had mock "salted fish" pieces - again excellent. The "chow hor fun" (stir-fried flat rice noodles) and olive fried rice were both superb - the Cantonese in our party said they had good "wok hey" (meaning the fire was strong enough to impart the proper flavor). The only dish not great was the tofu on iron plate - but given the excellence of all the other dishes it was easy to forgive. As mentioned in the review title, the restaurant used to have a different name (in fact the menus still had the old name). The shop front had yet another name (Cosy Corner or something to the effect), but there was a standing sign in front with the "Zi Zai" (自在) name. The restaurant has a few locations, this one is along Bendemeer Road, which is one way; restaurant is on the right, look out for the parking lot sign "For block 23 and 25" - if you miss that you'll have to make a big round to get back there. Enjoy! We certainly did and will definitely be back.
3
Overall a good vegetarian food place. Ambience is nice. Food ala carte ranges from $7 onwards. It's main branch called zi zai food taste alot better for the same dish. Overall the honey chicken and cereal prawns are good, asam fish curry is disappointing compared to tampinies branch and sambal kangkong is not nice
