5
They are one of the few who perfectly execute both white and black carrot cake.
Good wok taste though it tends to be oily. The carrot cake is homemade and almost melts in your mouth.
Almost worth its calories.
4
There are two choices - you can have it black or white. Or you can ask them to mix so you get the best of both worlds. It is abit more oily than the other popular store (the one that has beansprouts) but the radish cake is one of the best around cos they make it on their own it's soft and very smooth.
5
I went to Fu Ming because I wanted to try Singapore carrot cakes, a classic hawker stall dish, and online reviews recommended Fu Ming as one of the best carrot cake stalls in the country. The stall exceeded my expectations--delicious food.(Note to Western tourists: Singaporean carrot cakes are savory, not sweet, and they contain no carrot. They are primarily a steamed mixture of rice flour and daikon radishes, but are called carrot cake instead of radish cake because the Chinese words for 'carrot' and 'radish' are very similar. There are two main varieties of carrot cake: white, which has an egg crust, and black, which has the egg mixed into the radish batter and is glazed with molasses). I tried both the black and white cakes and was impressed by both dishes; they were light, fluffy, and full of flavor. Both had an excellently crunchy crust which contrasted perfectly with the fluffier interiors. The black cake in particular had a nice sweetness from the molasses which counterbalanced the more savory tastes from the radish, egg, and garlic seasoning. The white cake, for its part, was fluffier than the black--as it should have been.In sum, both the black and white carrot cakes are excellent here, and the price is very reasonable at just $3 or so for a nicely sized cake. It's also possible to watch the vendors frying up the cakes, which is really interesting to watch. Finally, while the stall is off the beaten path (being in Bukit Merah, a bit west of downtown), it's also just a couple blocks away from an MRT, so it's not hard to find. Highly recommended for people who want to try an excellent example of a classic Singapore dish
