4
This is the first buffet bbq that I feel satisfied after eating. I love to eat the beef tongue very much but I think it is slice to thinly, if it can slice a bit thicker that will be perfect.
3
This chain restaurant is very popular in Japan. It serves inexpensive beef in Bbq Korean style. Prices are a higher in Singapore and cuts and type of Japanese beef are average only.
4
The OneKm mall outlet is very small, I went for their weekend buffet at 2.30pm but was full so we agree to take the seats outside which was pretty warm that day and I asked if I could get a seat inside once they have seats.. the lady told me no at first and the the guy waiter told me it’s ok for me to move in once they have place..It was a 90min buffet and we only have 3 rounds of order.. we finish 1 round pretty fast as it was not much but order came very Long everytime we have to wait with empty food on table for us to bbq. So you told me free flow buffet but with a 90mins time and you can take you own sweet time to serve my meat. I wasn’t even full when I left.I gave 4 star Becos quality and food was good.If you want me to rate by service and staff efficiency maybe 2 stars
5
We are always a fan of Gyu-Kaku, there beef cuts and choices are excellent. Its really up to your budget how much you want to splurge, but for us the buffet that they offer at this branch is perfect! Would surely recommend it to friends and family. Service is top notch too
5
I love bbq but put off by the heat and humidity even at night and windy. Gyu-Kaku save my day, I can now enjoy bbq in an air conditioned environment. Unlike most bbq restaurants, this one uses charcoal and they change the bbq net frequently. The outlet is not big and queue started forming before it opens its door. There are plenty of parking lots in the mall and at nearby public car park. Waiters are friendly and helpful but few having difficulty communicating in English.Dishes are served even if it's buffet set so one only need to concentrate on making sure the food are not burnt. Beside this outlet is a shabu shabu restaurant and I think one can order a shabu shabu while still enjoying the bbq (the two restaurants are actually linked and one can walk to the other restaurant without exiting).Price wise, it's expensive (but imho worth it). 2 adults 2 children (7-12) will set you back $160 inclusive tax & levy. We did not go for buffet as we are not big eater and we mostly ordered wagyu beef (Kagoshima) and kurobuta which are nicely marinated
