4
Nice food but seats are really too small for adults, they should rethink their furniture. Food is nice, expect to pay around $50 for 4 pax.
4
Excellent Asian food in Raffles City for a short break.
Good atmosphere, clean and gentle staff.
Great variety of food.
5
Lots of completion in this food court, so they need something to set them apart. They have it!
Quick service. Once you order its there in a flash. NIcely presented selection, not huge but all good. And best of all, good prices.
5
Excellent. Seated very fast, great service and food.
Highly recommend for lunch. Very cheap place to eat.
4
We were seated quickly at a clean table. You then order and pay at cashier. Meals and drinks are brought to your table. I had the Singapore signature combination noodle dish. Delicious. Cost $8.50.
1
This is the first Restuarant I come across that sell 3 in 1 coffee in their menu, so all diners please take note when you order coffee. The food serve cold, seems like standard of food quality in Singapore is getting worst!!!
2
Worst lunch i had as the noodles with tomato sauce minced pork was awful. too much beancurd, too thick and no gravy. in the end i used my lemon tea to dip my noodles to eat
3
I think this is my second or third time to this restaurant. I don't usually go back to a restaurant unless there is something great about the restaurant. For this one, I go back because I like the taste of the food.There is a range of rice and noodle dishes sold in this restaurant. The dishes are mouth-watering, with their attractive pictures on the menu. Prices are affordable (about $7 on average) for a main dish. Throw in $2.50 and you get two desserts (fried carrot cake and almond sesame dessert) to go. Drinks priced separately.What I don't like is that the portions served can vary. I thought the noodle dishes can be quite a sizeable amount, but when they arrive, the quantity is more suitable for a child, not for an adult. Rice dishes are also similar, although they can be quite filling. Or maybe it's my perception - the portions served to other tables seem bigger than mine.Another thing I don't really like is the layout of the restaurant. Tables are small, and the restaurant really maximizes the space it has. You got to squeeze through gaps to get seated etc. Perhaps that is the subtle ploy of the restaurant to get you going quick after your meal, rather than hang around.All in, still a worthy experience if you are clueless on what you want to eat in Raffles City, at affordable prices
