4
decent local porridge. Tried their signature 01 porridge with fried intestine, good flavour. Will be better if the porridge can hv HK standard. Overall i think its better than Hougang St61 which were starchy type.
5
I had the signature porridge set with some yam cakes. Absolutely delicious! The portions are huge too. The environment is nice too. Perfect for a family breakfast outing
3
Quite place to have lunch. Only tried the minced pork with Century Egg porridge. Not bad. But I still prefer the previous version where they added "dong Cai" in the minced pork.
5
Amazing food with a family feel. Family business managed by 3rd generation young owner, assisted by mum & aunt. Awesome porridge with a decently good stir fried bee hoon. Can order Chee Cheong Fun and Yam cake if you would like something light but their signature porridge, (1) on the menu is a must. Try it to believe it!!Expect a queue during weekends. No particular close time as they'll pack up once their porridge is sold out hence there are time where they closes at 2pm, even on weekdays
4
Chanced upon this place on Saturday morning from a namecard my father picked up.It was quite a surprise when i arrived at 930am to a long queue.Price of food is quite reasonable and portion size is pretty big. The shop itself has a nice hong kong vibe to it and is airy and comfortable.The signature porridge is an old style porridge, which means its boiled so long its watery, with a variety of ingredients. Meat balls, cuttle fish, sliced ginger and fish are hidden in the porridge while the top is adorned with friend pig intestines. All the ingredients tasted great but do remember to stir the porridge to give it a good mix as the soy sauce or mixture of fish and soy sauce is found near the bottom.Never one to eat pig intestines, i tried 2 pieces and found it very fragrant with the special taste only pig intestines will have. Its an acquired taste but one that is fast disappearing in Singapore. From the long queue however, you can tell that many people still remember and love this kind of cuisine. A few patrons asked specifically for just the fried intestines and porridge only. So my guess is that its a love it or hate it thing.The beehoon is pretty tasty with the chili sauce but i found it a tad expensive. Eating it together with the porridge might yield a different feeling and at $1.20 for just the bee hoon, its a pretty good deal. The fried chicken wing has a mild har cheong (prawn paste) like taste which is quite pleasing.Overall, pretty decent breakfast i would say. If you're in the area, try it if you like this style of food
