4
An old school coffeeshop within a shopping mall. The chicken is tender and the rice fragrant. Reasonable prices and portions. They have a good selection of other cooked dishes ( zi char) on the menu. Simple, no frills place for a meal
4
Nice succulent chicken rice.
Menu has variety of other food.
Smaller Portions.
Must try the home made meatball soup.
3
The chicken rice was so so. The rice wasnt frangrant enough. The msg soup was not bad.
Dont order the kara chicken rice cause the chicken was too oily and is not fresh
5
On my first day in Singapore, I decided to go for a simple restaurant serving Chicken Rice. That is just what Jew Kit Hainanese Chicken Rice stands for (105 Killiney Road, Singapore). No fancy restaurant, but meticulously prepared, juicy Chicken breasts on top of rice. I added an omelette with minced meat. Good quality and friendly service! There are seats on the sidewalk or inside. Recommended
4
As the name suggested that it was a specialty chicken rice restaurant, we decided to order the Valentine meal for 2 pax which comes with chicken rice and fried tofu. Chicken rice was not too bad though we thought that the fried tofu could be better. Did not have the opportunity to try other dishes...
1
The prices for this brand has been increasing each year. Ordered a takeaway of noodles and an additional $5 of roasted pork, appalled to find just 5 thin slices of pork in their standard box of packaging. If I had ordered roasted pork with rice I would probably still have a heavier meal. Shocked at the ripoff. Should have taken a picture of it as proof. I advised all who give it a try to check the price and quantity before ordering. Strongly recommended you give it a miss. I will not be returning at all
4
Not the. Out glamorous setting in BT Shopping Centre, but recently had a facelift and the food is good. Not just chicken rice, so plenty of choice for an enjoyable lunch. Not as cheap as a hawker centre, but cheaper than a restaurant in a fancy mall. Go, it's good.
4
Located in the basement of Bukit Timah Shopping Centre, Jew Kit has a nice range of delicious food in the menu. The chicken (roasted or white) are not too fat and is cooked to "perfection". Goes very well with the chilli and ginger paste. The meatball soup is an excellent companion. In addition, you will find Chinese favorites like prawn paste fried chicken, omelette, tau-foo, etc. The prices are good, considering that it is air-conditioned. They did a new decor with a retro look. Good place if you are longing for some good, old chicken rice plus dishes
