5
I brought an overseas friend and ordered the prime rib, pork belly and innards.
They were all very cooked without being overly tough and free of smell.
The soup base is of Teochew style with its classic white pepperiness. Good depth and flavor.
2
The attitude of the service was very bad. They just dump the tray full of food on the table and walked away.
5
Been reading many raves about this outfit and decided to try. Ordered the pork ribs, preserved veg, mixed organs and pork trotter.Pork ribs were tender even though it was not of prime cut. Soup leans on the peppery side; synonymous to Teochew style without being too spicy. Preserved veg had a good balance of saltiness and sweetness. Mixed organs were pedestrian though it was not over cooked. Surprisingly the trotter was excellent with a good balance of fat and meat parts. Very tender and sauce was not overly sweet or salty. Service was also friendly and quick service. Will be back again
5
If you like to have a good taste of Bak koot Teh in Singapore, you should try it out at Joo siah bak koot teh at block 349 jurong east ave 1 located inside the coffee shop. The taste of the food is very nice n prices are reasonable. Clean environment area n have amber multi-story car parking area
3
Had lunch with a friend, location easy to find and walking distance from MRT. Pig trotters was good but the main dish BKT the ribs were very tough and not easy to chew. other side dishes were OK. Next time I will eat only the pig trotters
4
This stall had just relocated to a new coffeeshop and I was surprised that there were no reviews about it. I am not a fan of Bak Kut Teh because of the tough meat. However, the Teochew style Bak Kut here changed my view! The meat was soft and tender with its peppery and flavourful soup (beware for those who cant take spiciness well). Other side dishes includes pig's livers which are soft and fresh, intestines mei cai that always comes with Bak Kut Teh. If you love the peppery soup, you can ask to replenish as much as you want. A bowl of bak kut teh cost about SGD$5-6.The highlight for me was actually the braised pig trotters! It was well cooked with spices with deep flavours and the meat was so well-braised and tender! The gravy goes well with rice too. Do not need to go to expensive restaurants as this is better than many of them
