5
I’m not a oyster fan but my hubby n daughter enjoyed it. The most impressive was the wagyu tartare, it melts in your mouth. The prawns was super duper as well with anchovies. I love the way the grilled the anchovies.Wagyu steak is good but common as you can get such good standard easily in Singapore.The crab linguine with seaweed is indeed unique and tasty as well.Overall
4
We arrived with a large group taking the full communal table as you enter by the chefs. We were shown up to the restaurant tables upstairs. Apparently there is another floor but no idea what’s up there. The restaurant is minimalist and bright - very bright... it is one open space with strip lights on the (very nice) bar - and halogens across the full floor. More like a hairdressers and they need to sort the ambience or lack there of soon, there is nothing to reduce the noise in this space so this is a loud place and avoid sitting under the one open Aircon unit or bring a jacket.The most important thing is the food which was really very good. Well presented, with great flavours. You can see the meta influence. Nice house wine with no need to explore the other end of the menu.Very enjoyable and frankly for the quality of the food astoundingly good value meal. Ambience aside the food is well worth it and we will be back - hope to see the menu change regularly
3
Having tried Meta, we thought we just had to come to this new place and try out the small and big plates which sounded so interesting.Upon entering the place, we walked into a room with a huge long table which is meant for sharing with other parties. We didn’t fancy sharing a table and so we were ushered upstairs to the 1st floor. It was narrow and we had were seated at a table next to the wall. There were only 2 guys serving the whole of the floor. They double up as the waiter and barmen. Many a times, I noticed that patrons took a long time to get the waiters’ attention as they were too busy taking orders, serving the food and making drinks.We ordered the scallops with asparagus, taco w lamb and the prawns from the small plates. We also ordered the spanner crab linguine along with the pork belly and kimchi wrap. The food was alright but none of the dishes stood out. My husband was eager to try the pork belly but it was very average at best. We ordered the Italian lager and a cosmopolitan to go along with the meal. The cosmo cane long after the lager mainly because the staff didn’t have the time to make the drinks.We left without ordering any dessert (which is very rare) as we were afraid to be made to wait for too long. We felt that we were doing them the two guys a favour by leaving earlier so that they were not stretched beyond what they were able to cope. The tables were mostly occupied by the time we left. Perhaps management needs to consider hiring more staff to cope with the demands of a Saturday nite crowd. It’s really not fair to the two guys nor the patrons who had a hard time getting the staff’s attention
5
a meal at the Restaurant...won’t somebody tell me that the food is so good. First time there. Will host a group of colleagues soon. Already booked. Testimony that it is that good. I’ve only given full rating once before. So giving this second one means that...Food, Service, Drinks, Atmosphere were fantastic. Despite the place being packed on a Monday. KIMME MORE
4
Received an email from Meta Restaurant, a new restaurant called Kimme just opened and so I made a reservation for dinner. A more casual bistro setting and cozy. Feel spacious. We ordered 3 appetizers, 2 main courses, a dessert and a cocktail. Overall was delicious except the Spanner Crab Seaweed Linguine which I think the seaweed overpowered the crab (more like seaweed linguine). I probably considered Kimme as a casual restaurant with fine dining presentation at a above average price
