2
I am reviewing the restaurant at Seletar Mall not punggol. My mum tried the food at this restaurant with my cousin and aunty before, said not bad so we come and have dinner tonight. Ordered 莲藕汤(lotus root with peanuts soup)，西洋菜汤(Watercress soup)， 鱼香茄子(claypot brinjal)and 虾枣(prawn roll). All soups and prawn roll came but waited very long for the brinjal. Sense something not right and found out they did not put in the order for brinjal. Asked them to order and a while a staff came to tell us need to wait for about 15mins, asked if we want to wait. Since we are not in a hurry, we just asked them to proceed with the order and we waited. But after about 15mins, the dish still didn't come, so asked the staff to check again, who knows the staff came out to apologise and said the brinjal dish was out of stock. We were pissed off as after waiting for so long then came to tell us out of stock, and it was after I checked with them then they came and informed us out of stock. Imagine if we did not chase them for the dish, we would be waiting until the shop closed!!! That is not the last thing that pissed me off, the staff who told me the dish was out of stock said she will give us 10% discount for making us waiting so long, but when we went to the cashier for payment, the cashier told us the bill is 50 over dollars after 10% discount, we sense something not right and reconfirmed with her if the brinjal was included in the bill. She look at the cashier screen again and then asked i. Mandarin :"brinjal dish did not serve ha?" , so we told her the dishes we ordered. Then she did some adjustment and in the end told us is $44.06. Again imagine if we did not double confirm with her the bill items, we would be overcharged!!! No apology, nothing! Just collect money from us and that's it! To be frank, the food served by this restaurant are not bad but really no coordination between the staffs at all and the customer service sucks! May go other branches hopefully not with the same service standard
4
We were at Waterway Point around lunchtime on a weekend, and surprise, surprise, nearly every restaurant and eatery looked incredibly full...except two establishments. We chose this restaurant as everyone in our party was in the mood for hot soup. And since this restaurant specialised in traditional Chinese soup recipes, that easily satisfied our cravings. Although their outlets at various hawker centres and food courts around the island only offer soup, the restaurant operates more conventionally, offering a range of meat, seafood, egg, and green dishes...everything one would expect in a Chinese restaurant. But the stars are always the soups, and portion-wise, they could be a single meal in themselves
