2
Staff are unfriendly and bordering on arrogant. Food is extremely average even though they're supposedly popular.
Prices are high too and not very worth the food and attitude you're given.
3
Together with fragrance, it comes with a price; oily. Long wait and super crowded.
Advise to go for early dinner else later at 9? Food is reasonably nice if not too oily.
4
Have visited the place a few times and each time it did not disappoint. The place is rather small so it may get crowded and packed during peak hours (lunch and dinner, and especially on weekends). Food is delicious, must try their claypot chicken (choice of spicy or non-spicy). Prices are really reasonable too for the serving that they provide. Service is acceptable given their number of staff (don't expect service standards of restaurants in 5 star hotels). A bit oily and usually we feel rather thirsty after eating (msg probably) but definitely worth a visit (or many visits)
5
Ate at this place many times already, love the food and the people. The food is all prepared upon order, and the staff sometimes remembers us and make small talk with us. Its inexpensive, and there's homemade ngoh hiang which was really good. Personally, I love their gong bao chicken and herbal fish soup with plain rice. However, do avoid going at dinner hours as the queue is very long, go for lunch or around 5/6pm, but i usually order takeaway so don't need to fight for a table. Found this place by accident and glad that we found it
5
Just 3 words - cheap and good...ok, it's not Michelin or superbly good; as the name of place say, the claypot dishes are good; very good for me and my family standard.ok, admit a bit biased as the place is practically at my doorstep. But don't just judge by my words - look at the queue almost everyday during dinner time..
5
4 of us had 5 items - gong bao chicken, fish soup, brinjal, pig's liver and kidney and the ngoh hiang. We thoroughly enjoyed it. By 7+pm, it was packed and many people waiting for their seats. Including 2 drinks plus3 bowls of rice, we paid less than $36
