5
The ice creams are delicious, large selection and lots of seatings available. We go there at least once a week.
5
Been here many times and would go again. Great Service.
You could find many varieties of ice cream such as Honey Lavender or Maple Walnut. What i like is they offer hard and crispy fresh waffles to go with those ice creams.
4
A unique ice cream shop that added local flavour to their ice cream selection like kaya toast ice cream, lavender ice cream and watermelon ice cream!
Nice cozy place to relax too!
1
This diminutive diner seems affable enough at first glance however the standoffish and discourteous staff ruin the atmosphere..
The fact that the place is overrun with hoards of teenagers overstating and eating up valuable space long after finishing doesn't help it's cause either..
4
~Little Ice Cream Kafe "lick" caught our eye for their local flavors like durian etc
~I took the "Gula Melaka" and that was true to what it tasted !
4
Went for the "eat-all-you-can" ice cream buffet on Fridays (They have 2 sessions: 2-4pm and 6-8pm). They have a free flow of waffles and ice cream at a pretty affordable price (~$15). Surprisingly, it was quite empty. The ice cream itself is pretty average. Some flavours are pretty good but some are not very good. Still, given that it was a buffet, ended up eating lots (5 scoops, 2 waffles) and feeling really full and a little sick! Really good place to go if you are craving an ice cream buffet or lots of sugar
3
We dropped in after dinner for some dessert, and during the 40 minutes thst we were there the place was filled by large group after large group, mostly students. They have a wide range of ice cream flavours, including kaya, gula melaka and lychee. We went with salt caramel and chocolate brandy, atop a waffle. The waffle was freshly made, crispy and tasty. I liked the salt caramel, though my wife thought the taste was too light. On the other hand, i found the chocolate brandy to be 'sharp' though she liked it.If you are unsure, you can request a taster scoop. Ordering is also simple, and you pick up your order from the counter once it is ready
4
A nice little local cafe in Katong which seems to be experiencing with new flavor a. After the second visit and having tried 6 different flavors - they are a place worth a visit . Though there is no guarantee that you would get it ... But butterscotch and mango are flavors worth trying.
