4
Nice restaurant at a corner of Singapore, clean , plenty of space but a bit on the expensive side for chicken rice
3
it is a airconditioned restaurant , nice comfy seatings.
however, chicken was cold and soup salty.
price was mid-high.
decent meal but not worth a dedicated visit
3
Nice decent dinning place at a corner of Woodlands. Clean place with plenty of parking space. One of the better chicken rice restaurant
3
Had our late lunch here.
We ordered 2 pax sharing.
Chix meat is so much lesser.
Food so-so, price kinda steep.
3
The chicken rice is good. $7 for a single person set with chicken, rice, vegetable and soup to go along with the chilli, ginger and dark soy sauce. Nothing fantastic but not much crowd for early Saturday lunch if that's what u want.
2
I feel that it is better to go to a coffee shop and eat the chicken than to eat at loy kee as the taste is mediocre. Will not recommend. And it is expensive too.
5
We go there every chance we get since we moved to Woodlands. Fantastic chicken rice. Go for the roasted one over the steamed one. Your cholesterol levels may not thank you, but your taste buds will! great service as well. Their cabbage soup is delicately flavoured, and can be a meal unto itself when ordered with the sautéed bean sprouts! Highly recommended.
4
Visited this outlet for dinner as there was outside seating which allow dogs. Enjoyed both the white chicken and soya sauce chicken. Was lovely and tender. A set for one person costs $7.50. This included rice, chicken, vegetable and soup. A little on the high end though.
3
Loy Kee is nice, but I would definitely suggest that you go to Hawker's Stalls and Centers to get your chicken rice experience in Singapore. Chicken rice is a national specialty, and you can get really good chicken rice at more local places that won't charge you as much. Having said that, if you are not comfortable with big crowds and minor uncleanliness Loy Kee is a safe option
1
The shop front is prominent enough to attract passers-by to drop by the venerable restaurant, with branches across the island. I had in the past patronised the other outlets and I had ranked Loy Kee among the best in Singapore for chicken rice. However, today at lunch I was so utterly disappointed. I had expected the same quality of food across all the outlets. I ordered the special set which comes with either poached chicken, roasted chicken or soya sauce chicken, complemented by a side dish of bak choy and a bowl of cabbage soup. I opted for the soya sauce chicken. The very first thing I rate in any chicken rice outlet is the chicken rice. That is the first fail for me this afternoon. The rice was totally uncooked! Hullo! Where is the quality control?? Taste wise is acceptable though but nothing to shout about. Next comes the chicken. It was cold and the flesh was tough! Oh my goodness! I have just been served with leftover overnight chicken! It was dry and no succulence in the soya sauce juices! A definite fail for me! The vegetable was simple with a very ordinary quick poach and drenched in ever so watery oyster sauce. I could not taste any sauce at all! A third fail. Then comes the soup. It was supposed to be cabbage soup. But where is the cabbage? All I found was 2 small bits of tofu. The soup was cold and bland. Was this overnight soup? A fourth fail. The best saving grace was the barley drink to wash down the unhappy meal! And the meal cost me a princely $9.10. I could have 2 very good chicken rice lunches at the Clementi Market, which by the way serves very good Hainanese Boneless Chicken Rice. I guess that will be the last time I am coming back to this outlet for my lunch. What an utter letdown from a venerable brand. My suggestion - please exercise some quality control!!
