5
I feel that this is the best Prata in Singapore. It's crispy and the curry is awesome. Come try it yourself!
3
They do serve one of the best roti prata in town. However the cleanliness of the place is really bad.
2
Service is absolutely terrible. Your order WILL get mixed up, if it's even taken in the first place. Would never come back here if not for the Prata.
5
A caveat would be the cleanliness because there are only two indoor-seating tables, with the rest of the tables situated in a dirty looking walkway. If you can get past that, the must tries would be the plain prata, mutton curry and kashmiri naan. The service is often very slow, and it is quite difficult to get the attention of the stall helpers once seated down. It is often difficult to impress us Singaporeans about good food; yet when we tell our friends this is the best prata, we would be met with skepticism, but so far, all have agreed with me once they sank their teeth in.The plain prata is made fresh and is thus fluffy and crispy. It is served with curry and a sweet chilli dip. The generous portion the amazing mutton curry is served (considering the bargain price) is mind boggling, and goes very well with the prata and naan. Speaking of which, the kashmiri naan is a must try! The briyani is another dish i would recommend. The rojak is pretty decent as well
4
I love the Masala Tosai. Generous serving of potato and gravy. The potato is well cooked and full of spices. The staff are also friendly and efficient and not to mention the tea tarik (Indian styled tea with milk poured and pulled for the bubbles it created) ! Easy to find a parking spot if you're early or if it is not weekend evenings.
4
Was a bit sceptical upon arriving here as me and my wife were just looking for a place for breakfast.Place was worn out like a typical kedai kopi.Despite all that, the prata kosong was amazingly tasty. It was thick!Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. It came with a side of Fish Curry and Sambal Tumis. Omg!Give it a shot.. It's worth the visit.Note: The Masalah Thosai was great as well.#eatwithsand
