5
Came here for a Friday nite dinner and have to say the journey is half the fun. Then there's the venue of being in this massive warehouse like atmosphere but it's actually the old horse racing grandstand. The vibe is welcoming, being set in a nice part of the country people who come are the quieter types who enjoy a nite out with close friends and families rather than being at loud parties. Now the team at mara Shabu should teach the rest of the Country how to do service. Their attention is so genuine and at ease. Always smiling and willing to help, trying to make you feel comfortable without being mechanical and being overly zealous. It's a perfect setting for a nice Shabu Shabu! Oh and the ingredients were pretty fresh too! If only the whole place would close later
4
If you are a great fan of shabu-shabu, you must try this! We visited this shop for the 1st time on a weekend for dinner, things to note is that the place is kinda cramp for bigger sized ppl... Especially the last row seats... By cramp i mean the space between the table & chair (maybe i should lose some weight)... Secondly, the ventilation wasn't too good as it was pretty stuffy & hot... Food selection is typical for shabu-shabu, things worth mentioning is that the food is FRESH! Plus some people mentioned that the vegetables are organic (not sure if it's organic, but definitely fresh!) soup base is pretty tasty and they also have a variety of sauces for you to dip your food in! And the most amazing part? We saw only a couple of staffs servicing the fully packed restaurant, plus u are paying only 26++ per pax but yet the service was GREAT! The staffs consistently visited our table to clear the plates & fill up the soup! My friend's baby dropped her baby fork on the floor & one of the staff took the initiative to bring us a new one even before we asked for it! So yeah, it was a great experience dining there due to the service attitude of the staffs & food quality! It would be even better if they improved the ventilation & made it more comfortable for the customers
