5
I am a huge crepe fan and Mazuzu did not disappoint. So many choices from sweet to savory and the staff are just lovely. For between $5 - $7 a crepe this place is a great option for a cheap and delicious lunch.
5
1st time tried this crepe, it was really good, available in many flavour and mix, reasonable price and definitely value for money, should try this, walking distance from Clarke quay, price range from $4 to $6+ depending on the flavour....
Must try item
4
I stopped by this place on the way to Meidi-Ya. There is a large variety of Harajuku-style crepes to choose from, both sweet and savoury flavours, all ranging in price with $4 being the lowest. They make the crepe fresh in front of you! I got the fresh cream custard crepe ($4.10). It was soft, warm and sweet, filled generously with whipped cream and vanilla custard. I was satisfied with it although in essence, it's fairly ordinary - the pricier crepes are better variants to choose from as they are more extravagant. I really like that the crepes are packaged neatly and cleverly which means they can be eaten on the go without a mess. Delicious place to go to for a dessert or snack.
5
The crepes here are truly yummy. We only tried the dessert crepes but all were great. The crepes are thin and cooked to perfection whilst the range of fillings leaves wondering what to order first. I would recommend the hot crepe with custard which was good value at only $3.80. The brownie crepe and the cheesecake crepe were also good. The staff were very helpful with what was popular which assisted us a lot on our first visit
3
I had read rave reviews about their crepes - special batter and whipping cream - so didn't balk at getting a mango strawberry crepe with green tea ice cream for approx $6. They make the crepe fresh and sliced the mangos but the strawberry was actually a fluorescent gel. The whipping cream tasted like standard whipping cream, not super fresh and no hint of flavour (I sometimes add vanilla to whipping cream for flavour) To me, this was a standard crepe with things I could have done myself for much less cost, there was nothing special in it at all. I would advise (especially when in Liang Court) to save your stomach for something else
