4
Husband brought us here for lunch today, good customer service as the waitress greeted us warmly and served water immediately after.He bought a coupon via fave and it’s simply value for money with a soup and main course for 2 pax.Mushroom soup is delicious and the half chicken is soft and tender and served with mashed potato.Besides we ordered another crab pasta ($15) and fish nuggets ($9) which is yummy as well.Recommend to try
2
Heard a review that the seafood in a pan with risotto was apparently meant to serve 2. Upon hearing the review, we were excited to try since we are both fans of mussels. However when the food came, less than half a cup of rice was used for the risotto and there were about 5 mussels and 5 prawns. I cannot comprehend how this was meant for two. Moreover there was a lack of taste in both the risotto and the seafood in a pan. Thankfully we have ordered the smoked duck which was came in a more appreciable portion and flavour.Unsatisfied, we ordered another half spring chicken which was quite delicious but not worth a second trip. The staff seem quite anxious to clear our plates even though it was still visible that we were not done with our food, and the restaurant was not even half filled with patrons
5
Never been to City Square Mall, so was wondering what is good for dinner and a nice place to catch up old friend. Discovered MEET accidentally and just gave it a try. A our dinner turned up Wola! We ordered roasted half chicken, grilled squid, stuff mushroom and a broccoli. Everything taste great! Love their thoughtfulness of serving salt by the side, so if you prefer a heavier taste, just dip :)Roasted chicken was served tender and moist, squid was fresh.Waiters were really helpful and friendly, cozy setting too. Highly recommended
5
The team here are always friendly and welcoming, very personable and attentive. My first trip here was the day they opened, having stumbled across them after shopping.What I can say is that the food is fantastic, have devoured their chicken, steak selection, black squid, pork belly and it's all reasonably priced.Probably one of my favourite destinations now and would recommend them wholeheartedly
4
This restaurant recently opened in City Square Mall by Farrer Park MRT. The sign advertising the Honey Glazed Half Chicken set drew me in. The prices on the regular menu are a bit expensive, so the sets are definitely the way to go. The half chicken came with a few leafy greens and a side dish of mashed potatoes. The chicken was a good sized portion and the flavor excellent
