4
i've been here like 6 times for my last two visit at singapore, cant get enough of those pratas and biryanis, i really enjoy them all, good food, good price, love it!
5
There are lots of choices around here, but I don't think you can go wrong. Awesome food and great choices for drinks too. I'm partial for the Nescafé Dinosaur one!!
2
Order Nasi goreng chicken and Nasi goreng ikan bilis (anchovies).Nasi goreng chicken, Just add alot of the red paste and half of the chicken breast. Doesn't taste nice and cost $6.50.Nasi goreng ikan bilis, Tasteless, full of black pepper, and doesnt fry with the anchovies, jut add a pre fry anchovies at the top. Horribl
5
LOCATIONIts near Aljunied MRT, which could be accessed via the MRT’s Geylang Street exit. Standing at that exit, with the Geylang street at 12 o'clock, the coffeeshop was at the 10 o'clock direction 200 meters away. It’s a corner shop facing the MRT.One could see its an open air coffeeshop operating in one of the shop houses. (Its also along the stretch where Penang Restaurant was located. That’s another TripAdvisor favourite).FOOD (PRATA)I felt it had one of the best prata.Its crispy and not too thick. The taste of the prata and curry gravy was just right. (I did not try much on other food. So won’t comment on those). SERVICEThe tall gentlemen boss whose doubling up as the cashier was very attentive and client oriented. There was once I ordered some prata to be consumed within the coffeeshop. But I needed to go off for awhile to attend to my car. As the prata was still not served, he KIV-ed my order. When he saw me walking back from afar, he quickly gestured to his staff to prepare my prata. When I returned to the shop, the nice and warm prata was already waiting for me on the table. Its truly a very pleasant surprise.OVERALLI would recommend readers who like prata to try it. For the prata, I would give it 4 out of 5 stars (as taste was always subjective topic). Taking into consideration of the service, I would give the coffeeshop a 5 out of 5 stars
4
My wife and I went here for Sunday brunch. We ordered 2 plain pratas each as well as a mutton curry dish to go with it. Complemented by teh ahlias (ginger tea). The pratas as well as the mutton curry were really tasty and great value for money. Compared to other hawker-type indian muslim cafes in Singapore this place was also clean. The staff were also quick to clear tables as soon as patrons left. I also had the pleasure of meeting the owner, a Singaporean who has lived in the UK. Well spoken and friendly gentleman, who invited us to return. We definitely will
