4
I went to this restaurant with my friends (my friend's birthday dinner). The restaurant is a little bit far from the center of the city, but it's quite nice and worth it. We ordered a lot, the food is good, u need extra cheese! =p and the staff was very nice & polite. U better ask for reservation if you come with more than 4pax or u probably wait for quite some times
3
This place is the offshoot of the famed main branch in Korea, known for its Army Stew. In Singapore, its halal too! Nil service charge, interesting taste. Long queue expected during dinner time.Ordering for first timers is confusing, but basically, you need to:1. order the base tteokbokki flavours (mushroom, beef, sausage etc). They'd throw in some pieces of tteokbokki too.2. choose a noodle type if you want 3. Choose other add-ons that you wanna put into your stew (ie ham, dumpling)4. Option of rice (they will fry rice with the leftover sauce from your stew)5. Drinks if you want. They serve plain water.General tips:1. Order the tteokbokki base and noodles per pax basis (ie if there's 4 persons: order 4 bases and 4 servings of noodles). Servings aren't that big. 2. Turn down the heat for the stove, otherwise the soup will thicken very fast3. If there's 4 persons, it might be better to split into 2-2. 4 persons eating from a single pot is a pretty cramped.
5
Loved everything about the taste of this the ramyeon was a good addition together with its ham and eggs. The add on eggs were hard boiled, however, you can request for raw eggs as well. But something to note for first timers, fried rice will not be served together with the stew. As you reach nearer to the base of the pot, they will take the pot back and cook the fried rice with whatever is left in the pot.
5
The very first Korean Tteokbokki (Army Stew) I have ever had. The portion was perfect, the taste is something uniquely delicious that will leave you craving for more. I added extra cheese in which makes it more yummy. If you are looking for the best Tteokbokki in the east, do drop by Mukshidonna!
