5
The meals served in a very Friendly atmosphere and very efficient service. Reasonable Priced and very nicely presented and tasty meals, Cant be missed
4
We had business lunch with our Singaporean partners. Cheap and tasty food. Nice Asian atmosphere. Little bit messy and cloudy. However it is good for fast lunch.
3
Cool place to chill and relax. The kitchen will take their time to prepare food for you, so go there when you're not really hungry
4
Great spot to people watch. Reasonable priced drinks in comparison to other locations in Singapore.
Delicious pita and dip. Clearly homemade and a great snack between meals.
5
Wow! We just had our "Third time" celebration of our successful year end party hosted at level3, Blu Jaz with their excellent staff.Anuj, the event manager continued to display excellent organisation skills from set up to delicious menu offered and service to complete for with his fantastic team of people. In addition to that, he offered a value for money in offering a good deal worth the money. Anuj's team comprising of Ken as the floor in charge for that day, looking into catering, drinks and house keeping along with Terry. Both men made sure all fifty guests in the room were well taken care of with their warm hospitality and excellent service.In the last, we have had the same experience at "Piedra Negra" with Anuj as a remarkable event manager along with his team member,Pawan, floor in charge foR that day, continued to serve our group of forty adults with his warm smile.Along with that, our staff have had similar experience at Blu Jaz level 1, cafe, with Maan, another fantastic staff member with his equally superb colleagues who do not fail to deliver their smile along with out order of food and drinks.Well you must be still wondering, what is so great about this place ? The truth is that till today, my guests and I still remember the memorable three year experiences at Blu Jaz for the events we have been to here, along with the casual dinner drinks on weekends with our families and friends.We look forward to be served by warm and welcoming staff working at Blu Jaz, Piedra Negra and Museum cafe along with the outstanding event manger, Anuj, and his wonderful hard working team.Cheers
