4
This place was a nice find. We wanted to go to the ice cream parlour next door but it was crowded so we ventured here. The pizzas and wings are good, so's the coffee and cakes. Definitely must eat to believe it.
5
Niche does a wide range of high-quality homemade cakes and pastries. I had their lemon meringue tart that was sublime, and ordered a delicious Strawberry Frasier Torte (layers of strawberry, pastry cream, and fresh cream) for my grandma's 80th birthday. You really can't go wrong with their desserts I think. I also had some mains here and they were pretty good. It's a nice place to have a quiet dinner, a long afternoon chat, or just some after-meal desserts
3
The Niche is a small cafe located at the foot of an unassuming block of residential apartments. Decor is pleasant enough with old-fashioned, homely vibe. Unfortunately, the music played during our lunch time visit was an unpleasant mix of house music, pop and rap that did not go well with the visual ambience. We all found the music unpleasantly distracting.We tried the spaghetti & meatballs, a niche croque monsieur with honey baked ham (a toasted ham sandwich) and a amaretto latte. My impressions of these follow: The spaghetti & meatballs came with a single meatball - but it was a large one - about 2 1/2-3 inches across! The meatball was made of seasoned pork loin . It was moist, tender and very ,very tasty. The pasta was fine - although the tomato based sauce was a wee bit thin. The niche croque monsieur with honey baked ham was competently made - the bread was toasted perfectly. However, not the best I have eaten.The amaretto latte was thick creamy and very frangrant - enjoyed this to the last drop (literally!) - excellent!The Niche serves decent 'western' food and coffee drinks. Home baked cakes and pastries are also avaialble (although these we did not try). Based on the single sample we tried, it serves great coffees. However the combination of club and pop music coupled with the small interior do not provide a pleasant ambiance- despite the pleasant decor.Its located in a residential area and if you are in Singapore for a short stay, it may be too out of the way to warrant a visit on its own. Unfortunately, given their prices, it does not represent good value - especially considering the various cheaper and/or better tasting options available in Singapore
