4
$5 per bowl minimum either soup or dry. There is a long queue always. I have observed, the stall owner is slow. Can add prawn, pork rib, pork slices etc at additional cost. Serving a little small but taste great !
4
the prawn are big, noodle soup tasty with pork crunchy skin. a real experience.
the queue in front of the shop means quality!
by the way this shop serve only this!
highly recommended
3
Review by Dr Sim. Good prawn noodle. However expensive. Food used to be better. Standard has dropped. Service is acceptable. Sometimes long queue. Regards Dr Sim
3
The queue starts to form way before the usual lunch time. The size of the prawn is decent. The broth is relatively light and not as piping hot, not really my type but still quite good.
4
I've eaten at 3 or 4 of the stalls in the Adams Rd hawker centre and this is my favourite. There was a long queue the day I visited which I believe is usual. The bowl of noodles (dry) were delicious, great flavours and a good portion size. I had the prawn and pork belly option. The bowl of broth that is served along side is utterly divine, piping hot and so tasty; deep and rich.Yummy
1
VERY BAD EXPERIENCE. VERY OVERRATED, food rating was at best average. The worst part about the store; the service SUCKS. After telling the stall attendant about my Japanese friend order, the cook inside shouted at me telling me to hurry up. Within 10 seconds, I told the same shop attendant about my second order. After finish cooking, friends order, the shop attendant next told the cook about my order. The cook snap at me and shouted at me in mandarin "WHY DIDN'T I SAY ALL MY ORDER AT ONCE". I shouted back "I HAVE TOLD YOUR COLLEAGUE ABOUT MY ORDER, HE DID NOT TELL YOU MY ORDER". Overall food there were very expensive for hawker center standard
5
We visited the Adam Road Food Centre for the famed nasi lemak, but the pork and prawn noodles dish here was the outstanding dish of the day! The noodles are a perfect al dente texture, the pork is tender, the prawns a good size and the broth has a massive punch of prawn head. Bits of pork crackling add a crunchy texture. Unbelievably good value for money! I would definitely recommend stopping here for a meal before visiting the Singapore Botanic Gardens
