5
Went on a Friday night and thought it would be crowded, but it was quite empty. The food was good. Nice place to chill. Staff are friendly. Will go back again for some local Thai cuisine :)
3
We waited more than 30 minutes for our food despite the restaurant is relatively empty. The food is decent, ambience is good but the price is quite steep despite no get and service charge. We can find similar or higher standard food quality else else
5
Called in on the way back to our accommodation on two or three occasions. Caught the 4-7pm 2 for 1 beer offer and sitting in the cool was lovely. Such a nice atmosphere here and the "landlady" is very pleasant. The homemade lemonade was great. Nice to see somewhere different in Singapore and a real life Thai tuktuk!
4
Was surprised by the food. Only quibble is that the menu is not very extensive. The few dishes that we tried turned out great! Somehow their lemon grass drink which was pre mixed was salted, not quite the usual lemon grass drink that is sweetened and flavoured with Pandan. They were gracious enough to allow us to change our drink when we brought it up to them. Not very crowded for a sat nite visit. Perhaps, they should bring the price down a little.
3
It's actually near the outskirt of the busy area in Singapore. Hidden and tucked in one corner. Love the serenity and ample carparking space.Food is decent. Not served very fast, but don't have to wait very long to chase for them. Shows that they were only cooked upon order. Good. Though the Thai Fried Egg is still not as authentic as those in Thailand, but tasty it is.Love the paint job on the shutter gate at the back and amazing effort in dragging a Tuk Tuk into Singapore and just park there for display. Amazing.....regretted not taking a pic with it. Singaporeans are "shy" by nature I suppose....Not many customers the day we went. A few drinkers on the foyer, a table of the operator's friends at another table. But the place has got potential. Hope they will last long.Price is decent and within acceptable range
