5
Being in Singapore is a great experience because this is a place where you can be in the midst of culture in a melting pot..... meaning mixture of different influences... that includes food.... this place is known for a generous servings of asian cuisine.... but NYDC is here where good food is a given thing.... mouth watery wraps... fries... cakes... pastas..... hotdogs and burgers.....heaven it i
5
We know this restaurant is the origin of Nydc in our country so we have to try it and it s so amazing . We still love mudpie so much especially jedi mudster . Pasta is delicious but not salty . We like drinking elephancinno and fabulous cheesecake.They are not only delicioustaste but also beautiful sharp and presentation . Nydc has the best cheesecake ever 
4
Having been in Singapore for nearly a week, we decided to try a western style meal.The restaurant is located in the heart of the Bugis shopping mall and is surronded by, what seems like, hundreds of restaurants. Most of the clientel were young Singaporeans enjoying a night out shopping and dining.We went for a pasta dish and pizza, and quite frankly they were both delicious. We took the restaurant by surprise when we requested a bottle of wine, clearly they don't sell much wine in this type of restaurant. They seemed to struggle finding the wine glasses!The best part, was the desert menu, they have some MASSIVE cakes! We ordered just one desert and two spoons.Very satisfied and would recommend if you need a western fix
2
A slight of a NY atmosphere with brick walls and neon lights, and a menu composed of pizza, meatball spaghetti and other oven baked dishes. But clearly it misses the spirit and the flavorsome to make you feel you're in NY... Other places in Spore does it better, and it is sad this place doesn't ever capitalize on a true and authentic experience - starting with the staff not able to comment on the menu, or eventually accommodate some dishes based on customer request; the music being played loud which is quite disturbing while having dinner and already struggling with a crowded place and the noise coming from the Bugis mall...Had better in Spore
3
Nestled in amongst the million and one food court outlets in Bugis Junction mall is Nydc, which does a Singaporean’s idea of a New York diner. That means lots of exposed brick and steel girders (vaguely ridiculous inside a 21st century mall) but although there’s plenty of Americana on the walls, it doesn’t really feel you’ve teleported from the Lion State to the Empire State. I’m not complaining; it’s just the first thing I think of when I think of New York isn’t reasonably priced salads and pasta. There’s no enormous salt beef sandwich or any other caricature of Manhattan to be had here; there’s lots of references to New York food though, that makes you feel the designer of the menu was getting a bit defensive. My wife had a very good piece of lightly breaded fish; I had a bowl of pasta which went down a treat. Not really taking full advantage of everything Singapore can offer from a culinary perspective, but then (a) there are days when you just want something comforting instead of challenging and (b) going to the mall is so much a part of Singaporean life it would be culturally insensitive on a visit if you *didn’t* go to a few air-conditioned Westernised restaurants while you visited
