4
Great food at great prices.All the perenial favourite zho char food like Hong Kong Noodlea, Hor Fun, Dry Fried beef kway tiao, e5c. Also awesome sweet and sour pork!!! Also chinese mee goreng.
5
Each time I visit this restaurant, it leaves me very full and satisfied with their food dishes. Even if I order different dishes, they have never disappoint me for once. My favorite mains is their 双宝河粉, which is dry hor fun with seafood. It is quite flavorful and fragrant, but adding some housemade lime chilli enhances the overall flavor to a new level! I also got to taste a new dish 芦笋带子 (Asparagus with scallops). The asparagus is stir fried with spicy hae bee hiam (dried shrimps) as the base. The asparagus is crunchy and non fibrous, unlike some which are difficult to even swallow. Scallops are fresh, however they are few in quantity, given the small proportion of dish we ordered. There were probably only 3 scallops in it, so not everyone gets to taste it. 姜葱猪肉 (Pork slices with ginger, onions and scallion) was not bad too. The meat is tender and flavorful with the sauce that is stir fried in it. Lastly, we had 铁板豆腐 (Seafood tofu on hot plate). Fresh prawns and egg tofu were bathed in the stew, above the layer of egg that is always a pleasant and relatively healthy dish. For those who are searching for affordable, fresh and hot food in the heartland, it is recommended for friends and families to make reservation for dine in during weekends. Overall, service is efficient and staff are friendly and patient. Their food standard are also consistent except perhaps during special occasions such as Father's Day etc. I will definitely come back again for savoury and good Zi char!
4
Almost once a week we ate here. Been here for the past 10 years!! Like the old zhi char stall.Children like the sweet sour pork. We like the boiled soup. These days they added crackers twistees like a side dish...very interesting.Crab is reasonably price. garlic scallop is tasty. hot pan tofu (full of smoke). Once a while we eat the fish head pot.Price is reasonable (as it been here long time), judging from the neighbour zhi char stalls opened and folded.get the phone number and pre order whether eat in or da pao. It saves times.
