5
Our family stumbled onto this place after escaping the maddness of China town (it was so busy). It was hot, we were tired and needed somewhere to eat and quickly! The staff made us feel welcome, explained the menu and were great hosts. The food was delicious and everyone was happy with their meals! this is no small feat for a family of 5 with children aged 6, 7 and 14. This was also one of more economical meals for the entire trip to Singapore. The aircon was absolute bliss too! If you are not into eating in the open aired food halls, please consider Oppa resturant
5
Went there on a weekday night. Place was nicely decorated! Staff was delightful in his service and his recommendation of the choice of flavours for the chicken turned out to be spot on! We had the Flaming Yang Nyum & Honey Garlic flavours. Will definitely be back here again!
3
Went there on a Saturday Night with my family. We ordered soy garlic and original flavour chicken wings. All of us felt that there is still room for improvement, while the chicken are crispy , in terms of taste there is still much to improve. On than that, there is nothing to complain about
4
I am not a great fan of fried food but my daughter insisted on trying this place, so we did. It is along a street that's hard to find parking BUT thankfully we found parking on a SCORCHING HOT weekday afternoon!! Firstly, thank God they give you an entire jug of iced-cold water. Food was serve pretty quickly, a plus point. Besides, the waiter was quite good to tell us that we should just order those (yes, we were being greedy, of course!!) and "if not enough, order more later."We ordered two types of chicken. One was with soya and garlic, the other with Korean mild spicy sauce (forgotten the name). The chicken with garlic and soya was NICE! But the Korean sauce was even NICER!!! The jjajyeungmeun (done with pasta instead of noodles) was NO good. But the fried rice was fantastic!! They offer some credit card offers, so ask for them/just look around on the table. Btw, their wet wipes are SUPER CUTE!!!! (see pics
