4
I love strawberry shortcake so had to try this one. Friends and colleagues have claimed it's best, but I prefer chateraise as it's creamier. But perfectly delicious if you prefer it less creamy.
5
Definitely one of the best cake sold in Singapore without a question. Must try: Matcha Cake and Strawberry shortcake. Better than most of the cake shops in Singapore.
4
Ordered the strawberry short cake with extra fruit topping for birthday. Cake is not too sweet and with lota of fresh fruits in between the sponge cake. Very refreshing. Bought it from raffles place. Good customer service and the chef is good.
1
Read so much it.
Heard so much about it.
All these hype and anticipation turned out to be a disappointment.
Nothing really unique to be WOW about.
Maison, in particular, dry and not fresh.
3
I was looking for some cakes to bring to friend's house warming. I wanted to buy healthier cakes with food ingredients so I came across this recommendation that the cakes used meringue and fresh cream instead of baking powder and artificial flavours. Bought 6 most popular flavours. It was above average but not reaching very good yet, by my standards. A good try if you enjoy light cakes with less sugar
5
I walk passed this place a dozen times. Today I just decided to check it out. I bought Mango Rhapsody to go. When I arrived home the cake still chill. It was refreshing feeling after the first bite and I couldn't stop myself to finish it. The bottom of the cake was buttery tart and the rest was fluffy and light sponge cake texture. It wasn't too sweet which I loved. The price was cheap which was only 5.80 S$ for the quality and quantity. I would definitely recommend to tryStaff at Square 2 was nice and friendly.
5
i love all the cake in here especially the banana chocolate cake, and i used to eat their cake a lot as its very near my old work place. they have 3 shop in cbd/chinatown area. and i also recommend their frozen cheese cake tart. super goo
3
I placed an order at Icon Branch and states wanted to collect it at Chinatown Plaza. When call up to Chinatown Plaza to check if the cake is able to collect earlier, the staff there was very rude. Insisting no order receive and dont bother to check at all
