4
Nothing to really rave over and nothing to complain about either. Efficient service, tasty food (though you can probably find the same thing everywhere) but maybe a little pricey for the simple fare served. Ok for a quick decent lunch.
5
Very nice food with simple restaurant decorations. The tenderness of the tonkatsu is amazing and you will be wanting for more. Very friendly server and they also help with the recommendation. A little pricey but it is Singapore and very worth the food.
5
Cheesy goodness from Hokkaido in ramen and appetizer! You will not leave this restaurant hungry if you grab a bowl of ramen here. My niece was describing this great concept of cheese and ham rolls deep fried tonkatsu style. I thought, "Hmmmm, chicken cordon bleu without the chicken." When I actually tasted this appetizer, it was genius. It had a nice flaky Panko crumbed crust. The Hokkaido Gouda was smoky and perfectly salty. The ham was pretty good with it. They have a 3 appetizers for $10 deal, so we enjoyed the cold tofu and fried white fish. The white fish is good if you don't like fishy fish. That really put off my father because he is a firm believer that fish should taste fishy.The generous portions of ramen here come in a choice of three types of bases: Shio, Shoyu or Miso. The Shio is more like a slow cooked, meat broth. The Shoyu is soy based. The Miso is fermented. Now the Miso comes in 3 levels of heat: mild, spicy and fiery. You can also have the Hokkaido Gouda Miso ramen which makes the soup super creamy and rich. Delicious. I could handle the spicy, barely. I tasted the fiery and burst into flames. The toppings were tasty. The portions are generous. I chose the Tonkatsu set. I had the choice of the aged thicker and more rounded cut of pork or the flattened traditional pork. I chose the suggested rounded cut of pork. Honestly, after the delicious breading and frying. I struggled to differentiate the 2 cuts of meat and preparation. My tastebuds might have been overwhelmed by the fiery ramen. I liked the mild Tonkatsu sauce. Yum!Bonus: They provide cute Ma Maison Ramen splash bibs!Given the size of my appetite, greedy me wouldn't mind just coming back and ordering 3 orders of the ham and cheese appetizer portions. I couldn't get enough of it
