5
great bargains with our mid-century dining tables, sofas, display cabinets, dressing tables & much more. i love the sales restock price
3
If one would like to be surrounded by vintage furniture, great music and a quiet respite, while sipping a cup of hot coffee or eating a nice dessert, Restore Cafe is the perfect spot to hit.Yes, this charming little place consists of lovingly restored quality vintage furniture, transforming this place into a cosy, backdated little place for furniture lovers and cafe hoppers alike.I ordered something to occupy myself with first, while waiting for a close friend, *Nancy, to get here (like, an hour later??) This was the Dark Chocolate Tart (SGD$6.80) - with a crispy biscuit base that crumbled in the mouth deliciously. The ganache, though not moist enough - had a very rich dark chocolate flavor, a sticky sweetness which the palate warmed up to immediately. Best of all was that it was not too sweet, so it was really enjoyable to eat.*Nancy finally got here, so we ordered the mains. I wasn't really hungry by then, but just ordered a sandwich to try it out, since it was stated to be "freshly-made". Curiosity got the better of me, and I chose the Who Moo Sandwich (SGD$12.90) - out of three mere choices.It consisted of hummus (mashed chickpeas), fresh rocket, feta cheese, tomatoes, olives, cucumber slices - drizzled with olive oil and served with corn chips. The ingredients seemed simple enough, and the hummus paste did not look appetizing, but after our first bites, *Nancy and I both had to admit the taste was good. The distinctive chickpea taste was not lost in its paste-like form, and went really well with the crispy toast, chips and even leaves.For more detailed information and photos, please feel free to visit:http://thearcticstar.blogspot.sg/2014/09/lunch-at-restore-cafe-by-restore-living.htm
4
Where do you take a date for an afternoon sojourn and yet want a cozy ambiance to get to know him/her better? ReStore that is. Better yet, they might be impressed with the theme of the place. Walked past this cafe many-a-time and never found the right time or opportunity to actually dine in. However, a cold rainy Friday afternoon seemed liked a good time to try this place. Coming straight from Drury Lane Cafe next door, I had enough of coffee and wanted to have more desserts.I am a girl who likes to get quick service and be served fast if I know what I want and place my order upon walking in (without looking at the menu). I also have certain favourites that I like to try at different cafes and than I'll mentally rank them on my Top 10 list of my favourite cafe with my favourite food. As I was still in search of the perfect Lemon Meringue Tart, I made a beeline straight to the cake counter. Well, no sight of my tart that's for sure but what caught my eye was the enormous, fluffy, topped-with-icing Bundt Cake. Upon confirming that it is a Lemon Bundt Cake, I told the lady that I'l have that. I sounded pretty sure of my choice but nonetheless the lady told us to take a seat and she will come around and take my order. After waiting for 5 minutes, I saw her behind the counter busying herself and she didn't seem in a hurry to take my order. At that time, there was only another table besides ours and they had their orders served already. Puzzled, my partner walked over to the counter and placed our order again, more decisively this time.Verdict:-Lemon Bundt Cake - Moist, Soft, Fluffy with just the right intensity of lemon flavour. The icing capped the entire ensemble nicely and added a gentle sugary aftertaste.The store was having a book sale at the time we were there and the piles of used books gave a nice touch to the antique-shop vibe that the owner wanted to achieve. Not sure if anyone will actually buy any of the furniture but it makes for a unique cafe experience.If you want to impress your overseas guest with a one-of-a-kind cafe experience with chairs on the wall, or do some antique shopping at the same time, this place comes highly recommended.Tip: Not recommended for big groups as it can get squeezy, maximum of 4 pax is fine
