4
My colleague gave me birthday cake from this patisserie. It has cute figure! It was slightly too sweat to me but must be good combination with non sugar tea.
3
Had tiramisu and Dark chocolate pastry (forgot the name starts with G though) .. both were heavenly sinful However service was rather poor. they don't have serviette/ napkins/ tissue paper. We qualified for a complimentary tea with each of the pastry. But the lady at the counter did not offer it. When we asked for it, the lady seemed reluctant and made faces. She said she did not and won't give it as we dint ask for it while placing the order. Not that we cared much about the tea, but the grumpy lady was a big turn off.This was tonight around 9 pm. Hope you hire people who don't contradict those delicious parties.
5
The tiny cafe was full when I visited it last Saturday prior to a performance at the Esplanade. I then asked the cashier what shall I do; I was almost whining. He replied, "if you don't mind the tall table and chair by the wall?" Oh, perfect! It only meant that I could not people-watch while sipping my coffee. I ordered what must be the cheapest coffee and cake deal for s$6 in this cut-throat expensive city state. The strawberry cake was heavenly, with super soft fluffy sponge cake and feather light cream, and oh-my-god fresh and huge strawberries (and many of them too). I would highly recommend this for an affordable coffee break. There are other branches littered around the small island.
4
Service - The lady who served was excellent, Khine, generally with a smile and friendly. Able to keep the cake for alittle while.Price- Reasonable $45 for a 6" cake. inclusive of 7 GSTCake- Fresh mango and cream on the cake. Tasty and just the right sweetness
4
The first time I had this cake was for my Surprise birthday party. And this cake was truly surprising. Let me start of but saying that the entire look of the cake is sooo amazing. It has a glittery top over chocolate ganache. Followed by the softest chocolate sponge cake with oodles of chocolate within and finally at the end of the astonishingly amazing biscuity crunchy base.All in all this cake is must have for all and worth the money spent!There is a smaller pastry size also available for people to try
