4
Was here with four colleagues as farewell dinner on a Friday evening. Made a reservation although restaurant was empty throughout our whole meal (this was great as our food is cooked by waitress and is a nice place to chat without screaming at your company). Heard this place is packed on weekend dinners. We ordered the august promotion set: one scallop, one oyster, three prawns, one crab, handful of lala, mixed vegetables and strips of pork belly per person. Chose sweet potato porridge. We ordered pomfret fish to add on. Each dish was bursting with freshness and no seasoning was added to steam rack (you can dip in separate sauce which taste good too). The vegetables with pork belly tasted wonderful, out of our expectation (how can vegetables taste so good). The porridge as the finale absorbed the taste of all the ingredients before, with egg and spring onion added - very nice. All of us left the restaurant fully satisfied. Paid $199 in total which is not too expensive. Is a small little gem who is not packed due to the location (turf club city is not that convenient I guess) but nothing stops the goodness this restaurant has to offer.
4
Had dinner here, but this is very much a seafood meal. You get all your food ingredients raw and you given a steamer where you steam your seafood on top and the condensation with the aroma of the seafood will flow down to a lower area where it boils with rice. After all the multiple rounds of seafood steaming, and vegetables your gravy collected boils with the rice into a congee. Congee is itself flavoured and add on from the seafood you get all the taste of the seafood you just steam. There is a timer provided so you steam duration is pretty accurate and the food comes out just nice
5
I was at Rong Fu Ji for my birthday. I heard of this new concept Chinese hotpot, where your food is steamed not boiled. It has a high tech apparatus which uses steam to boil rice into porridge, while the hot steam cooks the food on a net on top the porridge. As a result, food cooked is clean and not cloy. Food is also fresh. I would recommend the lobster and live prawn
