5
Hardly found dine by the sea restaurant in Singapore with view of Sentosa.
Santorini dining experience. Choices to dine in an air-conditioned restaurant, at the alfresco with pool view or by the mangrove and seaside.
Good food and friendly staff. Certainly value of money.
4
Had our Valentine's Day dinner at Sea Scenr Restaurant and had to say it was overall an enjoyable experience. I managed to make reservations easily through Facebook Message. I reached and was immediately brought to my table which was already set-up with my name on it, the cutleries and menu. The ambience and scenery there is good, facing the Keppel Bay. The food is decent, I especially enjoyed the appetizer, the main course of Cod Fish would have been better as there were too many bones. I will recommend any couples or family who will prefer a close bonding session to come here to enjoy the breeze and have a good dinner
5
I just wanted to thank Sebastian for what was a truly an amazing time on Sunday.Everybody was complimenting the food and impeccable service. You had really put a personal touch on the event and handled everything so well. We are so happy we chose Seascent as the venue for our boys' birthday party as it was very rare to find a venue that is so kid friendly (playground at the side and outdoor area for bubble party).It was such a pleasure to liaise with Seb and the venue was beautifully laid out in every way. The fact that Seb and his team just took care of everything really allowed us interact with our guests more. Thank you for making this day so special for us
4
Seascent replaces OceanSpoon Dining which tried valiantly to survive – Western and Asian menu – casual dining -reasonable price and tasty – efficient service – good English spoken - I think it must be totally new ownership – mashed potato no longer has fake Baco-bits sprinkled over it (a constant source of annoyance in the old place) - the décor has been revamped and has a seaside vibe – small playground for little kids - seaview of Berlayer Creek is lovely - this will become a regular haunt (again)… this is a golf club but the F&B are open to the public - closes at 10p
