4
Located near beauty world mrt.
Food portion is reasonable.
Nice antique ambience. Old school stuff.
Pork stew beehoon is nice.
Big breakfast has nice eggs.
Price is reasonable!
3
The cafe has a nice feel with vintage paraphernalia scattered all the the place. Prices are reasonable but the food quality is just average. The lavender earl grey tea is a little too dry for my liking. The salted egg French fries lacks the robust flavour of the salted eggs.
5
Surprisingly delighted with my BIG BREAKFAST meal today. How my meal was prepared and presented were great! It even taste good! I did not even noticed that it's just outside Exit A of the Beauty World MRT! This place was just an alternative since the fast food nearby is full of hungry minions like me, ahahah.Definitely something for the hungry minions wondering around the area. The place is cozy and relaxing! Not in the mood to try the cakes though, so something to come back next time ;-)Thanks for the great meal
5
The place has got a great décor, and the staff is really nice. Their food is simply amazing, whether you get sweet or savory. They also combine the flavors which makes for some interesting and tasty dishes. Their milkshakes and ice teas are also very refreshing. Definitely our new favorite brunch place in the area
5
Friendly owners n staff. Ordered your food n pay first. Service was fast n personal. Must try their fried bee Hoon with pork knuckles and pork ribs. They also served cakes (big portions) n coffee. Worth try. Good ambience n a lot of nostalgic furniture serving as tables.
4
Cosy café right outside Beauty World MRT station. The lady boss is really friendly and she will come over our table to chat if it is not too crowded. We love their stewed pork beehoon, which is a simple dish but it brings back many fond childhood memories. We also like their french fries with salted egg which is really delicious. We noticed many of the customers are having French toasts and pork ribs but we have yet to try them. But prepare to wait if there are too many customers. We will definitely be coming back again
