3
Reasonably priced restaurant. It offers good starters but the main course is of average taste and quality and far away from authentic north indian dishes. I won't recommend ordering main course but you can have few drinks and starters from the menu...
5
I came in town from Canada and we are no stranger to North Indian cuisine... Butter Chicken and Naan and samosas have exploded in the major cities of Canada. But nothing, I mean NOTHING can beat the experience we had at SHER! The Kebab were to die for! I never had such smooth textured meat combined with the spices and aroma that only the best of Asia can provide. The meat was tender, each bite was saturated with taste, spices and the fragrances were... BREATH TAKING We were also treated to KURKURI MUSHROOMS! I know my shrooms but nothing can compare to the combination of cheese, peppers and onions that were exploding with flavor. We were treated to garlic naan, cheese naan, butter naan and the bread was beyond this world. Normally, I get naan that can be too chewy or too crisp that is hard to swallow and tear apart... but NOT AT SHER! It was both tender, and soft and firm enough to hold any meat or veg you like. There were no hard bits or over cooked corners! We had it with the mixed veg, butter chicken, mutton and I couldn't get over the textures with every bite evenly cooked through that it could melt in your mouth. My taste buds and stomach were erupting with MORE MORE MORE! This is a must for any person coming to Singapore. And I must say, the owner Paul and Kulwant are the most sweet, kind and hospitable people I have ever met. I know no one can beat the hospitality for Asians but they went above and beyond all the places I have been to in Asia. A definite must eat experience! O, I forgot about the wine. Normally I don't like wine too much as it can be to bitter or to sweet... but they treated us with this rare wine from Israel the even licks the back of the palet. What I like about it is that it was not too overstated like the others I have had and had a great balance of sweet with a tinge of bite! A MUST HAVE CUISINE! If you don't go, you will not see the best of Asia or Singapore and you have wasted your time! A ABSOLUTE TO GO FOR EXPERIENCE! Thanks again Paul and Kulwant for making us feel right at home and apart of the Family! Can't wait to meet again
4
1. Very warm staff. We also talked to the chefs. Trained in Delhi and Uttarkhand, they are experts in Indian cooking and Tandoor cooking.2. Clean, open and well ventilated, is a pleasant place to dine.3. The chicken malai tikka was one of the best I've eaten in Singapore.4. Service was quick, the food fresh and hot, and every dish had a different gravy - which is saying a lot!5. The tandoori roti and naan was crisp and hot.6. Prices reasonable.IT's a must try place for those wanting good North Indian (as opposed to greasy Indian Mughlai) cuisine
5
Some of the very best Indian food I've ever had in SG, period. The owner and staff was extremely friendly and they had a good beer selection including some nice microbrews. This place is gonna be one of my regular spots from now on.P.S. The chicken was high grade, unlike a many of the Indian joints around SG
