4
As a Malaysian, for the first time i taste the Singapore Style Fried Rice Noodle in Crispy Style.
Very tasty, especially when had it together with the Home Style Chili Paste.
2
Recommended for a cheap and quick gulp of a meal. Do not really recommend to go with friends here. Good sauces.
5
Absolutely delicious char grilled yakitori. Unassuming stall but when you are served you be looking at very good skill chef. Natural tasting juices with its secret blend sauce and adding a bit of spice goes well with beer and chatting.
3
This place is a simple cafeteria or "kopitiam" in local neighborhood. You can find economic rice, local cook 煮炒 , prawn soup Mee and finger food for beer. I would recommend the local cook stall at the corner, the food prepared by the chef is quite good. Many local go there for dinner. Ask for food menu if you don't what to eat. Your food will be ready within 15-20mins, depend on how many food you order. I am having "Wan Dan ho" 滑蛋河粉tonight, it is a fried noodle with sticky egg gravy soup. It cost SGD4 for a plate.
3
We stayed across the road and went across for a quick small meal.Lots of variety available and the satay man was keen to assist with good satay.We had the salad prawns based on the recommendation of two locals at our table. While the prawns were excellent the mxture with mayo and fruit was a little weird.All were keen to assist including the beer man. Can recommend for cheap hawker food
4
I usually like hunting for nice Prawn Mee soup as it is one of my partner's favourite dishes. For us the prawn broth is the most crucial part in a prawn noodle soup, the soup was not too bad on flavours with a slight sweetness from the essence from the prawn head but we had nicer broth elsewhere before. Overall I would not list this place as one of my top choices for prawn mee soup but it definitely does satisfy your late night prawn mee craving just fine
4
Located near the end of Jalan Besah road at the junction of upper dickson road.Good local zi char. Dine here many times and was surprise that I couldn't find any review here. The "Chow Ta Bee Hood" (char fried bee hoon) is something unique. The "Mian Xian Geng" (Mee Sua Gor) resemble shark's fin soup is one of my favourite item. "Hae Cho" (prawn paste ball) is good too. Tried many dishes there and I would say most are good. Only available for dinner and supper as they operate between 5pm and 3am. The prawn noodles stall there is good too. Ideal for late night supper. I will continue to patronise them and zi char lover should try them out
