5
Relax with snack and cold drink here, after long walk it's good to take a break during your day. I love blended coffee taste the bakery look yummy but I haven't try it , will do next time.
4
It's quite difficult to notice if you are driving or in a car. You have to go on foot, for the place is not entirely belonging to the cafe. The cafe is actually part of a place called DECK, which rents out gallery and exhibition spaces.Snowy Village, seemingly is one of the few who's offering the latest craze in Singapore in the Korean Bingsoo. Taste was simple and lovely. The menu was simple and easy to understand, with some unique combo which I will return to savour.For the hungry ones, they have some homemade sandwiches and light snacks to quiver your taste buds and provide something to your stomach to digest. Nothing fantastic, but nothing else to complain about too.The main ordering area is tucked in a trailer container, consisting of some indoor seating. Although airconditioned, we felt a little humid in there... The cafe could be family run, when we were greeted by two expressionless faces, whom could be mother and daughter.Nevertheless, as we placed our orders and started some questions, smiles were filling in and everything started to flow smoothly.The outdoor seating area was very very lovely decorated. Not every chair is comfortable, but they provided a very good lunch alternative. We could hardly find a nice cafe in Singapore without the occasional screams from kids passing by these days, and this could be it.Perhaps it was new...we were 2 of the 3 customers they had that day. Many were attracted by the place, popped in and left shortly. 2 ladies went into the container and sat down shortly before we left. I just wish they would last...I took some pictures, but am not allowed to post with my review because it is the first. Wish I could share some later. It is definitely a place worth going. The Bingsoo (Ice flakes Korean dessert) certainly goes well with the local climate. First Class
