3
Small space - probably fits about 24 people comfortably, both indoors and outdoors. We had to share a table with another lady. Like what others have pointed out, there’s a florist sharing the unit and you can purchase bouquets and dried flowers with cards etc at a high price. That said the space has been nicely overlaid with marble-like tiles, and definitely Instagrammable, if that’s what you’re looking for.I came on a weekday evening about 5pm and found out that they close at 6pm, so we didn’t have a chance to grab anything from their main menu, but they were selling some pastries. Most of the staff members were young, in their 20s, and washing up to close for the day.Settled for a latte, honey yuzu drink and a peanut brownie. Latte was average, honey yuzu was sweet as it is (with chia seeds covered with jelly in them??) and brownie was very dry and crumbly, like it had been left on the shelf for some time. Did not taste anything remotely close to peanut and was rather disappointing. The table was also rather sticky - wasn’t properly wiped. Oh well
4
Came across this cafe listed on internet . Easy to locate but not easy to park your car if you drive; as parking spaces are very limited . Located at a Corner shop lot, it gets pretty packed and will need to wait for space after the parking lots. Cafe co-shares the location with a florist shop and therefore space is limited . Overall , nice place to unwind , catch-up and spent a lazy afternoon there . Worth a shot . Didn't try any food and just had a cuppa which is above average . Service wise - friendly staff. Like a neighbourhood cafe ...
4
We went mid afternoon on Sunday. It was crowded, we managed to share seat with others at a corner, on a round table. The service was very good. Coffee was very very nice :) Saw the person next to us ordered Tuna croissant which looks nice. Will definitely try it next time. The small bottle of cold brew was specially created for those who need extra dose during their travelling on flight. Very thoughtful idea! Overall good experience
5
i am happy to be the first one to get this cafe listed, its next to another gem of restaurant i have reviewed called perle noire, i was already very impressed on my first visit, i entered the cafe at 9 am sharp their opening hours, the lady on duty felt i waited too long for my coffee and told her cashier friend who came slightly later that the coffee was on the house! to me it was an acceptable waiting period but her kind gesture left a lasting impression on me, this is what differentiates customer service, the cafe is normally manned by a crew of 3 ladies, their official menu starts at 10 am and before that you can have pastries or quiche with coffeetheir signature coffee is something you have to try, its their cold coffee served with either regular or low fat milk, almond milk or coconut waterthe cold coffee comes separate in a very cute tiny bottle and you are supposed to pour it into your preferred accompaniment and its nice and refreshing on a hot daythey use good beans for their other coffees , they have an upstairs area but that is strictly for corporate or private parties, they share the cafe with a florist so there is always a nice floral smell to this cafe with very cute floral decorationsseating is not much, and there is an outdoor seating area as welltheir customer service is excellent and it's not because of the free coffee i had, siglap is a tough area to deal with customers, some of the snootiest and arrogant people live here both foreigners and locals alike and it is sad that i have seen service staff here in many restaurants being treated like dirt, so the patience levels of the staff here and their enthusiasm and attitude must be highly commendedas for their menu, its not extensive i would say this place is ideal for a nice coffee and a short chat with a pal, their sous vide egg sandwich with avocados is nice and i like the tuna croissant toothere are a lot of cafes along this stretch and stamping ground is most definitely worth a visit so if you need a nice cuppa hurry on down and don't waste any tim
5
this is a nicely decorated trendy little coffee place that only just opened in siglap, has an outdoor seating area and a cosy cafe inside which is shared by a florist, intriguing design has a spiral staircase leading to an upstairs seating area but that is strictly for private events, first i got to start with the service which is absolutely friendly and great!!the cafe is normally manned by 3 young ladies at one go, and they are all nice people, the first day i went there at 9 am they had just opened up and they waived off my coffee bill as the lady there felt i waited too long for my coffee! this is a wonderful gesture, totally unexpected but so appreciatedi did not get this lady's name but the ladies there like i said are very polite and in siglap area, it's not easy serving customers here are living here for a long time let me tell me that a lot of the most arrogant singaporeans and foreigners alike live around this area and the way they treat service staff can be quite disgusting, people here really think highly of themselves so the staff here must be credited for their patiencei believe their speciality here is a cold coffee that comes in such a sweet looking small bottle they serve that to you chilled and you can combine it with soya milk, regular or low fat milk, almond milk or coconut water! it's unusual but it's something you got to try especially on a very hot dayas for their coffee they use good beans for sure because i am a long black guy and i take it neat without anything added and you know that it's well preparedtheir menu is not extensive, they have pastries and quiche for breakfast and at 10am onwards serve the rest of their menu, mainly sandwiches but they are nicely made, try their avocado sandwich with sous vide eggs it looks heavenlythey have 2 beers on tap and a few bottled selection, unusual brands like moon dog and i will give it a try one daytheir are many cafes in siglap craftsman coffee is very near and draws a good crowd but their is something about this place i like a lot and will come back again for surehave a chill out coffee here and bring a friend, try coming off peak hours as during peak periods you will definitely find it hard to find seating but to me a must come cafe
