5
The restaurant's simple but classic chic design, double storeied-high ceilings and natural light flooding through its floor-to-ceiling windows running through the entire length of the restaurant immediately greet you when you step into the lobby of the hotel lobby. The restaurant was barely filled, and mostly occupied by lawyers (easily recognizable from their black and white court attire) and their clients who'd walked over from the sub courts in the midst of their trials. A quick glance through the somewhat limited menu proved the mainly local fare to be really quite cheap, with most mains costing not more than 20 bucks. We took up the 3-course set lunch though, made up of continental and European cuisine which aren't available on the ala carte menu.The dishes were pretty commendable, service was a bit filmsy but discreet and helpful, and ambience very low-key and quiet. We had:1) Potato, Artichoke, Egg, Olives and Roasted Almond Salad: one of the two starter choices, not bad, except for the whites of the poached egg, which was just a smidge overcooked. The spicy lemon and caper dressing provided a refreshing lift to the warm salad though2) The heavy prawn base of the Cream of Shellfish Bisque, glazed with cognac and topped with garlic shrimp, was a bit rich and one-dimensional for me. It was lacking in depth but too cloying, and I ended up peppering this a lot. The shrimp was good though, sweet and crunchy3) Pan-Seared Norwegian Salmon Fillet: crisp skin and moist flesh, topped with grilled cabbage and watercress, and drizzled with a roasted garlic and balsamic teriyaki sauce. I'd asked for any parsley to be held off, and so they gave me a bacon and salted cabbage stir-fry instead of a parsley-filled dumpling. Good service there for sure4) Roasted Ribeye Roulade stuffed with bacon: pretty good as well, moist and juicy, served with pan-roasted vegetables, onions and gherkin and with a drizzling of sweet port wine glazed brown sauce5) White Chocolate Trifle: too sweet, the cringe-worthy passionfruit coulis topping balanced it out with its sour elements. Forest berries compote and fresh raspberries and strawberries completed the so-so dessert. Disclaimer: I really am not a fan of white chocolate anywa
4
A quiet restaurant may not necessarily be a good thing, not for the hotel, but for the patrons; it is a good thing. Service attention can be dedicated to each patron. Tucked away on the ground floor of the Park Regis Singapore, this restaurant occupies three-quarters of that floor.Dinner comprises of dishes from the ala carte menu, with local dishes sharing space on the menu with Australian dishes, perhaps due to the fact that Park Regis Singapore is part of an Australian chain of hotels.The quality of the food is top-notch and the presentation is commendable. Try the pavlova, a rarity indeed as not many restaurants carry this dessert
