4
My favourite dish is spinach-mee sua with sliced fish & spicy chili. Having this almost every week. The only thing is long queue is common.
3
tried their tomyam hot n spicy not bad , it would be perfect if a lil more sour :P
their chili is awesome!! and LONG Q!
5
It is a hidden gem in Singapore - tucked away in Ubi, an industrial area. But the fish and soup and noodles are amazing. The fish is fighting fresh. You can even opt for fish roe. And spinach noodles. The owner is the cook and each bowl is individually prepared by the owner, Mr Tan himself (aka Uncle Hock to regulars). Great potential to be artisanal hipster food - but thank goodness on the pocket it is not. Fabulous value and healthy wholesome food, and delightfully delicious. Even though I am just a tourist, I went there for lunch three days in a row (after i was first introduced to this place) and tried out different variations of the fish soup and noodles and different fish. Be prepared for a long queue as the locals will be there for lunch.BTW it is not a restaurant - more like an industrial area's hawker food centre; no air conditioning, so come dressed lightly and to work out some heavy perspiration (the Tai Seng homemade secret recipe chilly sambal is killer hot but very addictive; proof point - i went there three days in a row
5
I love the sliced Fish Bee Hoon with an addition of their fried egg. The egg gave the soup another level of taste. The fish soup is so tasty that I always finish drinking the last drop. The fish and fried egg also goes well with their self-made belacan chili that's very spicy yet you can't stop eating. For such good taste, it only cost you $4 if you add the egg, else it's just at $3.50.
5
A friend took me to this humble hawker's stall, we arrived after 2 pm, so we did not have to wait for the normal 15 minutes to try out this most delicious sliced fish soup. The fish slices were fresh, light and tender and the noodles and vegetables cooked to perfection. A huge bowl of soup and lots of tasty ingredients, what more do you want. At S$ 3.50 an absolute steal! Highly recommended! There is direct access to the food centre directly from the multi-storey car park
