4
Nice cafe along Lorong Kilat. They seem to be popular for their muffins. Tried the Banana Muffin and it was delicious. Their Seafood Tom Yum Pasta is also worth a try. Rich and creamy, it was a good portion size. Good place to chill out and/or have a meal
5
Stayed for 3 nights and left July 1 just in time before a typhoon hit Hong Kong on August 1st. Kowloon Shangri la has a sister Shangri La in Admiralty area on Hong Kong island. The moment I entered the Kowloon Shangri la, the beautiful aroma scent filled the lobby to welcome us. The lobby has very high ceilings, a feature in all Shangrila hotels in Asia which is own by Robert Kuok the sugar King. Unfortunately the lobby lounge does not have high glass walls that looks into a garden like most but it still a nice area looking into the harbour. The room we had, have a partial view of the harbour and it faces the Tsim Tsa Tsui centre. At 42sq m it is one of the largest rooms by Hong Kong hotel standard. We had a nice very comfortable king size bed, a pretty large tv definitely bigger than 32cm tv. It has a big table and a comfortable lounge chair with a rectangular ottoman to rest the legs. The toilet is good size. A enclosed shower which has a seat where one can rest and enjoy a overhead shower or the traditional shower head. A nice feature. All amenities are here including a small open cupboard next to the wc where towels are stored. The feature here is good as it allows one to out the iPad or iPhone. It is very near to the MTR East Tsim Tsa Tsui station. One can enter on the same side of the road or opposite. There both have lifts which is good for wheelchair bound or guests who has problems with climbing stairs. This station connects on to the Tsim Tsa Tsui station on Nathan road where the Tsuen Wan line that links Kowloon to Hong Kong island. Hong Kong MTR is simply the best in the world. One can get anywhere from the underground station. Enroute to TTS MTR, which has escalators, you will pass a new shopping mall K11. What I like about Kowloon Shangri la is that TTS East had been developed with greenery in their development. One will notice trees, gardens and potted plants hanging by the roads. Think it's a deliberate act by the Hkg urban development to bring in greenery to this area. It adds to the environment in this area. Hence it is different from hotels in causeway bay, central or even those along the long Nathan Road the main tourist road of shopping and food. Kowloon Shangri la is a great place to stay here, nice lobby, spacious room, nice aroma fragrance in the hotel lobby. Will be back.
4
My family and I have been to the Signature Patisserie at Lorong Kilat twice for lunch. The restaurant was nicely decorated. The layout of the ten or so tables provided for comfortable seating - it was not cramped as in some restaurants that try to put in as many tables as possible. The food was quite good. I like the beef bolognese spaghetti. The ham and cheese sandwich was good too. However, the drinks such as latte and mocha could be significantly improved. Another issue I told the restaurant staff was that the vegetables used in the salad was not fresh. The staff member was attentive and could anticipate our needs. For example, she offered to make a new drink for us when she noticed that my wife did not continue drinking the latte. The restaurant also served a number of different types of muffins. We have not try the muffins so I cannot comment on whether they are good or not. The muffins are supposed to be the signature items here. We will probably try the muffins the next time we come here. Complimentary ice water was provided (self-service), One thing to note: The restaurant did not accept credit cards. Payment was by cash or NETS only. In summary, it was a nice restaurant with excellent service. It was nice to spend a couple of hours having a leisurely lunch here twice on Sundays. Parking at Lorong Kilat is free on Sundays
