4
I love the Salad bar here. The salad always very fresh and there are healthier choice rather than just indian food.
5
I can only speak for the vegetarian options, but having tried several Indian restaurants in SG, that these guys are the most consistent and the ingredients are of very good quality. Palak paneer is a good litmus test and theirs actually tastes like spinach, meaning they aren't cutting corners on costs as some other restaurants will. They also do not "dumb down" the flavors. The spices and heat are punchy and make the dishes very flavorful. If I have one quibble, it's that I wish more malai kofta came with the order. They are really, really good but you only get 4-5. I could eat like 20
4
This restaurants serves both buffet and normal menu. Honestly, even if you were to opt for buffet, I seriously doubt you can be eating very much more. Just go with 1 round of everything and they even included various type of breads, at most you will be able to go for another round and you are done. But that said, the normal menu and the buffet is just about SGD$3 difference. Buffet is only at SGD$9.90.The taste is good, but might be a bit on the favor heavy side. Salt might had been a little bit over the board, otherwise, everything taste pretty good actually. Even the breads and rice are well cooked.There are some hot stuff given that this is an INDIAN restaurants, so be prepared, try a little and not take too much that you can't stomach. There are free flow of water though. For the buffet at least
3
Located in Science park, it is close to my office. We organised a corporate dinner for 20 pax.Restaurant has limited space. Better to call if you are planning to go in big groups. They need to work on Chimney/ exhaust fan; it was smoky inside restaurant; probably the only negative point for the whole restaurant.The food was amazing. We have ordered buffet- veg and non-veg. To put it in simple words, it was tasty. Veg dishes had rich gravy, non-veg was fresh. Nans were served hot at our tables.Service was quick. Efforts were visible. A server even came to take feedback when we were having food.At 9 sgd something for veg-non-veg, where in the island you get buffet that too so yummy! It may be a promotional rate but it was worth it!Strongly reco if you are looking to go out in that area for Indian - veg/ non-veg
4
Went with counterparts in Singapore. The food was excellent. This restaurant runs by young lovely couple. the food is a combination of North Indian and Italian cuisine, Clean place with good service & hygienic. We found the restaurant to be extremely good taste Indian veg. Overall, i would recommend to everyone who likes Indian veg food. You should miss The Green Chutney
