4
Good food at reasonable prices. Besides local food, they also serve western sets which are value for money! (Think food over-flowing from your plate!)
5
Ambience: Wonderful! Love their wall murals. Got to see it to believe it. Food: Serves a mixture of Asian n Western cuisine at great prices. I believe they have daily specials such as laska, Thai Green curry, Japanese curry Tonkatsu, baked rice, chicken bolognese and the list goes on. Drinks: one of the best traditional coffee I have tasted. Fragrant n brewed to perfection. I believe it's so much better than the other big names. Prices: unbeatableStaff: friendlyLocation: take a bus from Orchard/Redhill station. Only abt 4 stops away of I remembered correctly.
5
want something rustic, yet modern, yet reasonable price and great location! A newly set up coffee joint.Food/Drinks: local coffee and tea with other cold drinks available. the usual Singapore local (and famous) Kaya Butter Toast set at SGD2.90 and with a 'upsize' of drink for coffee/tea at only 20cents for 50% more. this coffee joint serves their kaya butter toast with butter and not margarine. I have not tried the other food like the local favorites Bee Hoon and Nasi Lemak but i have seen many orders for that too. There is also curry chicken and soy braised chicken. Even something less local like truffle egg wrap and Creamy Tuna wrap. Service: fast and if you are served by the boss himself, he is quick and ensures that he gets your order right.Location: Right at the River Valley Shopping Centre, just few bus stops from Orchard and near to Fraser Service Apartment. The coffee joint faces the road and it is right behind the bus stop. Ambience and Interior: Soft music that makes the place so cozy and enjoyable. The place is designed to be local, with paintings on the wall and these are meant for charity - if you want to buy them. The murals on the wall is just marvelous. Gives such a local and relax feel. Simple, rustic yet serves all the needs. There are also power points available.  www.facebook.com/sgtoastin
