5
As we leave in the neighborhood, Torikin has become our regular lunch place with the family
Lunch menu offers good value for money with limited but excellent choice
2
By mistake we visited this small restaurant at Bukit Timah Road. The food is average, like most Japanese restaurants in Singapore. Unfortunately, portions are tiny and strictly measured by gram, as we were told by a friendly but pushy waitress. 10 gyoza at 16.90 ++ and 120g pork belly Shabu Shabu are a bit of a joke. Will not return.
3
Have you ever heard of Japanese hotpot? This is it! The food is different because they have hotpot and it comes from Hakata in Japan so its slightly different. They have a more limited version of the other normal Japanese dishes. If you need a good family room then they have private rooms which is nice to have a good meal - but beware the mat doesn't close properly so a small child can fall and it hurts
4
I have been to this restaurant a few times and it never disappoints. A staple is the Hakata styled Mitzutaki, a high collagen chicken soup base with ingredients which are hand cooked by the service staff and served individually, accompanied with an array of dipping sauces (chilli paste, cut chilli, spring onion, ponzu sauce, etc). The staff will firstly serve a scoop of the soup as the starter, followed by chicken which you can dip in ponzu sauce or the excellent chilli paste. This is then followed on by chicken balls and vegetables. After that, you have the option of noodles or rice to eat with the rice. Personally, the portion per person is sufficient, if you are a big eater, I would suggest ordering other dishes to supplement this wonderful hotpot.Another dish that we always order is the chicken. Very flavourful and a massive hit with children. We also tried the shabu shabu and sashimi, which are excellent. But to us, the highlight has always been the Mizutaki and this is what we always come here for.Recommended: always call to make a reservation, this place is popular not only with locals but also expat Japanese (which speaks volumes for its authenticity). Otherwise you will have to settle for outdoor seating which isn't a fantastic idea for eating Mitzutaki, unless it's a rainy night.Service wise, whilst you may not expect 5-star service with the typical "certainly Sir" style, we have no complaints about it. You do not have a dedicated service staff to stand there and serve you exclusively but I do always see the staff hovering nearby and ready to serve when we have completed our course and are ready for the next. The staff are also excellent with our children, warning them to be careful not to touch the hotpot, making sure that they have enough water to drink, etc. A very homely and personal service, which makes it all the more enticing for me to return every time
3
Torikin specializes in Hakata Mizutaki, a chicken and vegetable soup with a very thick stock. Like a lot of Japanese food, the preparation is nuanced. This dish involves at least five stages - four of which are done at the table by the waitstaff (the stock is served alone, then chicken quarters are cooked and served, then chicken balls and vegetables are cooked and served, then finally either a ramen or a rice porridge is cooked in the remaining stock and served). Torikin's Hakata Mizutaki is an extremely flavorful and rich soup and I would definitely eat it again. At the time of writing, Torikin charges $39/person for it, exclusive of gst etc. This is not cheap. But for a well prepared, flavorful, and healthy meal, it's really worth it. I would, however, recommend increasing the portion size a little (it was 75% of what it probably should be). Include more vegetables. They're cheap. Unfortunately the good food at Torikin is marred by the experience of dealing with its waitstaff. As I mentioned, the soup is something prepared at the table in stages. At every stage of its preparation, our waitstaff completely forgot what they were doing, forgetting to bring over the next set of ingredients, to combine them in the stock, or something. Disappearing for stretches of about 10 minutes until we flagged them down (again and again) to ask what was going on or whether the meal was complete. The answer was invariably an apology. At one point the liter or so of stock actually boiled out completely and they had to refill it and start over. The meal ended up taking 90 minutes. The waiters also struggled to do things like bring table water. Clearly, Torikin either does not have enough waiters or needs to replace the existing waiters with better ones. If Torikin is going to charge $39/person and then slap on the standard Singapore service charge, it should hire waiters who can do their job and prepare the food properly and in a timely fashion. I see a restaurant that has a lot of promise to be a unique and really great experience. But it's not there yet.
