3
Bento set are not bad. Have quite some other varieties in the menu so can take ur time to choose. Staff are very nice too.
5
had dinner here my first night in th city, its was quiet and the staff were very friendly and helpful. the food was lovely too.
4
Tried their Bento set and also their steamboat .. The Bento set is quite nice especially the Black Pepper Chicken Bento set .. Tried their steamboat also not bad .. quite like the spicy tomato soup base but try to constantly add soup else becomes too thick. Overall quite nice and the place is quite clean too
4
 I tried their seasonal platter. Char siew ribs platter, the ribs were very flavourful and their signature TOT Volcanic Cheesy potato with their braised pork belly looks good and taste great! maybe could have added more pork belly, cause it was very nice. peeps it's at 308 lavender street..bring more friends along as the food serving is quite huge.
5
This little bistro, located at 308 Lavender Street doesn't seem like much.However, I love the chillax ambiance this place provides, away from the noise and bustling city.Yet quite conveniently located, it took no more than 10 mins to walk from Boon Keng MRT.The food they serve seems to be a bit of east meets west kind of fusion, because their value sets are called bento sets, comes in 5 different choices of meat, from fiery wings, salmon to pork belly.each sets comes with meat of choice, rice and standard vegetables topping with an egg.and personally I feel what made the bento set stands out is the home made sauce they use.The Ribs Platter they serve tastes real good too. The potato chips used also has wasabi flavored and I have never came across wasabi flavored chips with such strong wasabi taste to it.the sauce here on the sausages is really a must try!The potato included in the ribs platter , is also their signature dish, call TOT Potato.They serve baked potato, and seem to melt a layer of cheese all over it.Overall, i think this is place to try, if you are into localized western food flavor and a lover of potato like me
