4
Excellent Vietnamese Coffee.
A fast track to Saigon or Hanoi for the time of a coffee.
My recommendation is Cafe Den Da. The iced coffee black with no sugar no milk.
Excellent ! !
5
Stopped to have a coffee while i was walking in msrins bay shopscand just say they have delicious coffee. Its vietnamese style so take some time before the coffee is ready but worth waiting for. You find this chain in most asian countries
4
This chain of coffee shops may be the most commercial side of the Vietnam coffee scene and isn't even the best but it is everything that the western chains should be and are not.Great service - table service in a chain coffee shop! - good cakes and very good coffee make it a reliable and appealing place for a quick pit stop. Whereas normally I would avoid a Starbucks unless there was literally nothing else, this Vietnamese coffee chain is much much better.It may be more expensive in relative terms to independent coffee shops but unlike going to Starbucks you don't come out feeling like you're funding a faceless, corporate tax dodger.Well worth a try. Get the #8 coffee
3
Located at the basement level, this cafe is not very easy to locate as it is "blocked" by the lovely aquarium tanks surrounding it. Once located, one would approve of the comfortable setting of the plushy couches and wooden tables - nondescript, simple, relaxing - the way a good cafe is supposed to be, without being overly fussy or pretty.I ordered the tea set comprising of Black Coffee and a slice of their Oreo Cheesecake. It was served in a tiny metal mug with a metal ..dispenser? I was asked to wait for about five minutes before I tasted the coffee, to let the aroma of the coffee bean "sip" in, so I complied.And took a bite of the tempting-looking pastry placed in front of me while waiting to drink my coffee.It was hard, yes, a very hard slab of frozen cheesecake that was lacking in the fragrance of cheese. It tasted like oreo cookies mashed into a pie and served as cheesecake, actually. No, it was not good, I was disappointed. Finally, I could taste the coffee I was anticipating to. Lifting the dispenser, the aroma of freshly-brewed dark coffee hit me, reminding me of the good old days when my grandparents brewed their coffee from scratch - strong, black and purely delicious.I took a sip of this piping hot caffeine fix, and mind you, it was bitter to the core. I stirred in some sugar, even though I wasnt supposed to really do that - but it sweetened the coffee enough for me to be able to appreciate its bitter goodness.Yes, fragrance factor, full marks. Yes, traditional, authentical good beans factor, full marks. Taste-wise.. perhaps I am still more accustomed to the western cafes or local coffess, hence shall take some getting used to.For more detailed information and photos, do pop by:http://thearcticstar.blogspot.sg/2013/12/coffee-at-trung-nguyen-cafe.htm
5
Its a Vietnamese Coffee Chain ,you should try their Coffee .They have a different way of preparation ,taste is similar to South Indian filter coffee ,but not same) .You should also try their Sandwiches ,i tried the Veg. sandwich & it was awesome .They have an outlet in International Plaza-Ground Floor 
