3
Nothing to shout about, unless you are in the area and dying to have ice cream then give this place a go, if not you not missing anything.
4
Udders is famous for its alcoholic ice cream, and this particular branch (Udders & Kook) is even better for its regular meal offerings as well. I had a delicious Korean burger (fried chicken patty, gochujang glaze, kimchi sriracha mayo) along with amazing mentaiko fries (japanese mayo, spicy cod roe, sakura ebi, nori, bonito flakes, togarashi)
5
I really like the quality of the food here.. they are very generous with the ingredients used and the portion is of good size! Couple with the good weekday lunch deal ($9.90 + $2 ice cream), it's a sure choice for our family esp during weekday lunch time.. it's not crowded during weekday daytime so we enjoy a good peaceful lunch... however, the variety of food is limited, only burgers and pancake(savoury and sweet) choices with some sides e.g. fries... but as mentioned, the food is tasty!! I miss the promo of free ice cream with main course so hopefully they can bring it back... Please keep up the good promo/deals...Ice cream flavours are awesome! with special ones with liquor and durian!!! some local flavour like chendol is also refreshing... they offer free water, tissues too... little gestures like that adds on to the dining experience...worth a visit
4
Was in Siglap for dinner.Had rojak and popiah at neighbouring Siglap 986 Coffee Shop. Decided to continue to Udders anx Kook Ice Cream Parlour on the opposite side of the road for dessert.Restaurant has indoor and outdoor seating. Limited parking space. The queueing time was about 20+ minutes. Place order, make payment and wait for number to be called. Self serve.Crispy tasty no so thick waffle topped with ice cream, with chocolate sauce were really fantastic. Three range of ice cream, (1) ordinary: not my choice of flavour, (2) premium: top up $0.90 from ordinary, still affordable and good selection, (3) extra: top up $2.40 from ordinary, little costly.Ordered 5 scoops of premium ice cream namely rum and raisin, awesome chocolate, orange bitter chocolate, mango sorbet, mocha in 2 waffles. All flavours tasted well. Enjoyed
