5
We were a group of 11, and shared 3 hot pots between us. Food selection was pretty good, and the quality of food served was decent. We left rather full and satisfied; total bill was around $450.
5
Today I went with 2 friends to UPIN Hotpot at The Central branch for late lunch . The staff lead us to the table and while we were seated , hot hand towel was served for us to wipe our hands. Later, she also pass us the apron to wear .... ! We ordered the 3 types of soup based Black Chicken Herbal Soup, tomatoes soup and spicy soup. Also ordered sliced fish, braised pig intestines, black pig sliced pork, vegetables..... total 10 dishes . Worth the $$$$ spent on food and attentive staff ! Definitely will recommend to friends
3
Many reviews I read mentioned that Upin hot pot is as good as Hai Di Lau. I tried and I must say frim quality of food , ambience & service, they have quite a bit to catch up. No doubt may be slightly cheaper but not cheap as well. The dipping saucers are so so only. Soup base lack body and oomph, even at the end of the meal, soup is still rather blend. It was advertised that at 8pm there is a face changing performance. we waited but no performance. The reception staff was not very friendly. Unlikely that I will return
4
Its my 4th time at Upin. Used to be as good as HDL. But i realised the usual staff are getting lazier and lazier. Price and food wise i prefer Upin but lack of service . The guy who did the dancing noodle doesnt seem keen in doing the noodles as he did it promptly. I enjoyed my meal though. Their black chicken soup and tomato soup is highly recommended. Prawn paste is super food. We paid about 2 pax around $120-130 with two bloated tummy. Yum
5
I went to Upin with 3 other friends on Friday evening at 5.30pm. The restaurant wasn't crowded and we got a table immediately. However, by 6.30pm the restaurant started to fill up very quickly.We had the tomato & herbal soup base. The tomato soup base was sweet and tasty and the herbal soup base has plentiful of herbs making the soup fragrant but not over powering. We ordered the shrimp paste, pork ball, prawns (the staff kindly peeled the shell for us), sotong, slice pork, etc. The ingredients were extremely fresh and well prepared and presented.There is a huge selection of sauces and condiments for you to choose from & mix the sauces according to your taste. On the same table, guest can help themselves to free salad and cut fruits. The restaurant is very similar to Haidilao Hot Pot, minus the long waiting time. The price is also very affordable. You can choose up to 3 selection of soup bases for only $14. The mashed shrimp is only $12 per plate and the mashed scallops is only $15 per plate. We sent about $50 per person.The restaurant is not crowded during lunch time. However, for dinner, it is best to go before 6.00pm if you have a large group
