3
This place does a modern, hipster interpretation of the classic nasi lemak. The quality is very good - everything tasted very fresh and delicious. However, there were some things I didn't like. The taste of the truffle egg was too strong and too different to the traditional hard boiled egg you get in nasi lemak. The smell and taste of truffle is too over powering. I also didn't like that it was runny. They should just have a regular hard boiled option. The fried chicken was extra crispy and juicy on the inside, however the skin had no flavor. Also, there was barely any sambal provided. I need a lot of this as the sweet sambal combined with the coconut rice makes the dish for me. Don't get me wrong, none of the food was bad, I think I just prefer the traditional nasi lemak that you would get in Penang. I would say it's a good trendy spot to go for a drink and try a modern twist on nasi lemak, but if you're used to the traditional taste of nasi lemak and want that, just go to a hawker center or better yet go to Malaysia. One last thing was I thought it was a bit highly priced but then again they are centrally located so the rent probably isn't cheap
4
Nasi lemak is a traditional local breakfast dish - rice steamed in coconut milk and served with deep fried peanuts and anchovies (ikan billies) and a chilli and onion chutney called sambal.What you get here is an upscale version of this dish; served all day. It's priced accordingly (average of S$9 vs S$5 if you eat it at a hawker center). So what's the difference:1. Choice of protein - deep fried chicken or fish, mutton or beef rendang (a dry curry). The rendang is tender and tasty. 2. The egg is not served sunny side up - instead it's poached with a very runny egg yolk.3. The sambal is not too spicy or sweet. Good for beginners or those who prefer a milder sambal.4. The obligatory chunky slices of cucumber are finely shredded instead.
5
When you enter the restaurant, you place your order and pay at the machine, Japan style (cash or Nets). Brilliant!I love that instead of a fried or boiled egg that traditionally comes with a Nasi Lemak, the chef uses a 65degree egg, creative!Singapore serves up some of the best Nasi Lemak dishes in the world and the Village is near the top of the list.
5
I came here for dinner with 2 friends on a Wednesday night. I was a little disappointed with their limited nasi lemak selection but they had an interesting selection of local tapas (in the evenings) instead. We really enjoyed the nasi lemak roll, which was nasi lemak bundled Vietnamese roll style - easy to eat and full of flavour. We also enjoyed the calamari which was very fresh and done perfectly (tender and not too chewy served with a delicious sambal) and the kueh pai tee. The salted egg chicken wings were alright, and I wouldn't order the edamame again (it was slightly greasy).This isn't a fast food joint so expect to wait for the tapas to be prepared, it is definitely worth the wait though. Not too busy on a Wednesday night, this is probably because they've only just opened. I will definitely be back again!
4
A nasi lemak bar may seem like a misnomer. But Village Nasi Lemak Bar at Circular Road has an interesting twist to beers with nasi lemak and other Singaporean street food snacks.Nasi lemak is of course the quintessential breakfast which all Singaporeans and South East Asians grew up with. It has become an all-day favourite dish made of coconut rice with ikan bilis (fried anchovies) with sambal (chili paste), cucumber and egg. Village has taken this street food several notches up: It is served at airconditioned comfort, high tables and bar stools with funky lights and fixtures, murals and murals on the walls.You are greeted with two self-order kiosks which take cash or NETS. Then take a receiver which pings you to collect your food when ready. You can’t complain about waiting to order or for service. I’m not sure if they condone tissue paper chopes though.The Village nasi lemak has all its original elements. But the egg is onsen-done in a sou vide with a dash of truffle oil. The cucumber is served with a shredded twist (pun intended). The other favours of ikan bilis, sambal and coconut rice combine nicely without one over-powering the other. You can have other sides or toppings of fried fish, beef or mutton rendang, otak, and sambal squid. The fried chicken is done with a unique crisp and in fact, the fallen batter crisps are used to garnish the rice.Besides nasi lemak, Village also serve local tapas as appetizers or beer snacks. The kuey pie tee (fried batter cups filled with bamboo shoots and other garnishes served often at home parties) is very homemade and mother would approve. The cups may soften after seating for a while (whilst busy talking or drinking), but they don’t get soggy at all. The street food theme continues with fried mid bone chicken wings but coated with a generous amount of salted egg yolk and accented with curry leaves. One suggestion: slit and split the mid bone wings into two with single bones; crisper and easier to eat. Another exciting dish is chilli crab dip with fried man tou buns.A nasi lemak at a funky, downtown joint at under $10 attracts a good lunch time crowd to Village. For sundowners, they offer a good selection of bottled craft beers and wines to go with the not-your-typical range of bar snacks. There is even a nasi lemak in Vietnamese rice paper roll if you insist on having nasi lemak whilst holding your beer bottle!So nasi lemak bar is not a strange notion. Think of Village Nasi Lemak Bar as a Singapore street food bar; no different from the Spanish tapas bar or Japanese izakaya gastropub. You can have your nasi lemak and drink it (your beer)
