4
Luxury attraction that tends to spend more here...
The parking is crazy and the service of the staff was poor :(
Lots of Chinese tourists which made lots of noise :(
5
I firstly knew this products from my friends, where I visited their place and they showed me some flavored liquor. I went to this shop to do my last shopping for myself and my friends in Hong Kong.You could taste before buying, the salesperson was very helpful too. There are different alcohol content of the liquor, from 15%-40%, some are sweeter and are more suitable for girls, while some are stronger and guys would love it.You can also choose portion: 100/200/500ml. You have to get the bottles separately and there are many fancy bottles. You could bring along these bottles and re-fill in all shops worldwide. I finally picked a fig with vodka and berry with brandy for 200ml; and 5 40ml little bottles. As they don't have many shops in Asia, it's recommended to be souvenirs for friends who like liquor
4
Arrived at the hotel around 7pm from a long flight. Taxi from the airport took about 20 mins. Upon arrival you immediately appreciate just how large this hotel is. The lobby is huge and it was busy too. There was a queue to check-in which took roughly 10 mins to get to the front. Annoyingly our room was not ready, so they offered a $100 voucher to use in their Rise restaurant. There was an alternative option of taking a room on their 24th floor but it's a smoking level so I declined that. Who wants a smelly room?! However, I did decide to use that room to freshen up. Whilst getting ready to go out they called to say the my room was ready and they sent a bellboy with the new key. I'd booked a Premier Room with city view and it did not disappoint. Stayed in room 3879 in Tower 1 and the view was amazing. TheSkypark which is only open to hotel guests was pretty spectacular but the downside is that it's very very busy. There is a kiddy pool and an enormous infinity pool which overlooks the city skyline. I went in during the day and didn't have the chance to see it at night so cannot comment on how busy it would be then. The hotel is expensive but you get what you pay for. It's also joined to the MRT and a large high end shopping mall. If you're like me and like to use the gym facilities, they have a very well equipped fitness centre with a separate weight room. All in all, I'm glad I had the opportunity to stay there
