5
We had dinner here on our last night in Singapore. Yes, it's not air-conditioned and it is a small restaurant, however the food and staff are amazing.
The restaurant itself is clean and the food tastes great!
4
Operating Hours: Lunch 11.30am - 2pm; Dinner 5.30pm - 9pm (weekdays)Lunch 12pm - 3pm; Dinner 5.30pm - 9pm (weekends)Close every wednesdayHad dinner here with friend and tried their pineapple fried rice, thai basil pork, homemade beancurd, papaya salad, thai style kangkung and tomyum soup. Their tomyum soup are all in clear broth (not the red broth). All in all, it taste not bad feel homey feel but nothing much to brag about. The plus point is that their service is great and the food came quite fast. There are a lot of people eating here. No GST and service charge will surely bring us back here to dine
5
We were recommended to eat at this restaurant by some family friends. Although it is small and hard to find as it is located in the midst of apartment buildings, the food was great. Service was also very professional and friendly (to be expected from a family owned business)
3
The restaurant is located under a rather old block of HDB flats. It offers thai style zi char dishes. The restaurant is non air con with limited dine in area indoor and outdoor. The decoration is simple and non frill.I decided to dine in for lunch as it was not as crowded as the next door coffeeshop or the nearby hawker centre. Surprisingly there was only a table of 5 persons occupied.Thai Iced Lemon Grass (Homemade) ($2.80)It was a light and refreshing drink.Thai Kway Chap Soup with Roasted Pork ($6)The dish was served pipping hot in a claypot. Peppery soup base with thin smooth slices of kway as the noodle. The dish had pieces of deep fried pig's skin and chunky roasted pork in it. A very filling and warming dish to have.Lemon Grass Jelly with Red Ruby ($5)The lemon grass jelly melted easily from its chunky form into thick liquid. So best have as possible as it served
4
Located under block 92, very near to a Multi story car-park. No problems getting there if you are driving. Ordered the Tom Yum soup with fish slice (clear soup), basil pork, thai fish cake, thai style kang kong. Food was delicious, ample portions for 3 people. Thai ice milk tea was great too. Ordered a mango sticky rice to finish off a great mealA small setting in a neighbourhood, tasty food that is reasonably priced, will return again!! Additional info : opens from 1130H to 1430H and 1700H to 2200H. Tel : 9384758
