5
This is THE place for authentic British food, especially at Christmas. Good roasts and British desserts for one to choose from. Wonderful service and if one dines al fresco, one might just get to see our local monkeys frolicking from tree to tree!
5
A New renovation, new Chef amazing food. I've just had best ever Sunday lunch in 20 years in Singapore..... well done
5
We love Windsor, it was newly renovated, and the new Chef is great! It was our first dinner at the brand new Windsor, and it was Halloween party. We had a great time with our friends and children. We love the new menu! Service is great too!
4
Invited to British club during their wine festival, and had a great spread of food and wines. Love the turkey which is their signature dish. The British cheese with pickles is unforgettably good. The desserts, particularly the meat pies and chocolate cake are fantastic. Love to come back and try their other restaurants next time.
1
We used our reciprocal right to have dinner at British Club Singapore. Complete waste of time and money. On arrival doorman welcomed us and was very attentive, the front desk person only wanted to know how we were going to pay, cash or credit card with fee. In restaurant we ordered drinks and were told they would keep card at till, not happy so explained I never let credit card out of my sight and it was returned .Meals ordered and on arrival it was not chicken breast as on menu, a flattened leg, skin on, no meat and could not put knife in, very badly cooked and presented. Foundation very helpful waiter who explained they swapped breast for leg but did not change menu, he took plate away and apologised, then ordered asparagus soup as I was could not face anything else, unfortunately this was green slime, no taste certainly not asparagus.My husband ordered sausage and mash, sausages were grey and it cooked.We did not enjoy anything so we left immediately. Our waiter did apologise again and the same doorman was very helpful without taxi. Ordered room service at hotel.Not a pleasant experience
