5
Judging by the sorry state of the building where ZF Café is located, you wouldn't think that it could be home to a few interesting places for a decent grub.There's the famous Little Vietnam, Stick to Eat (which I haven't tried yet) and ZF Café. Totally unassuming but otherwise full of warmth and energy - thanks to the couple's youngest son Saffriy, who takes orders and engages customers with the kind of genuine interest and joy that you rarely see in adults these days - this little known café serves up good quality halal cuisine, using fresh ingredients. My favourite is the gourmet Sea bass fried rice and just recently, we tried their pizza (salmon and Italiana) which were both good to the taste as well. There is no indoor seating in this restaurant with only a few tables and chairs outside but you'll be surprised at how they can draw customers in even when it's raining in torrents. Definitely a place to check out if you are looking for a good Halal cuisine
5
Dining here at this family-run cafe, one gets the feeling that you are in a homely environment. No pressure, no airs! Only outdoor seats are available under a canopy. Fortunately, fans are installed to provide the much-needed breeze in Singapore's humid weather. The menu consisted mainly of Italian fare as the chef as had experience in a few Italian restaurants. Local tastes however, means that some dishes were infused with local flavours; to make them more palatable. The service team member also made it a point to inquire with us periodically. Very attentive! Add to that affordable prices, and you get an overall satisfying experience
4
This unassuming cafe in the Geylang district was recommended by an associate who required Halal cuisine, and it was my first time dining outside of the tourist areas of Singapore. Dining al fresco on a pleasant evening, we were pleasantly surprised by a velvety Mushroom soup (on special), and I sampled three pastas - one of which was a fiery penne arrabiata (adjusted to my dining companion's preference). My spaghetti bolognese was delicious, if a bit non-traditional. The highlight of the evening was Farah Dolci, named after the chef's charming wife. This molten white chocolate dessert was so good we had to order a second one. Believe me, you don't want to leave without trying it. This family run restaurant is a good choice for an informal dinner. Prices are modest, and if you are lucky, the entire family may greet you as if you were old friends. After 10 trips to Singapore, it was really a treat to find a family run cafe that wasn't in a hotel or shopping mall! The restaurant is 10-15 minutes by taxi from the Central Business District
